-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 SFn23Oejim49gyyncxq3toeHGX0NCjszkETWEV5ag3GiHZwWvqCmhZbKtWdYhEtE
 9zcwBVLFq7MquWGkva4+5Q==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001145443-02-000594.txt : 20021023
<SEC-HEADER>0001145443-02-000594.hdr.sgml : 20021023
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20021023155916
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001145443-02-000594
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	SC TO-I
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		12
FILED AS OF DATE:		20021023

SUBJECT COMPANY:	

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			3DO CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000898441
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				943177293
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		SC TO-I
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	005-42449
		FILM NUMBER:		02796197

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 CARDINAL WAY
		CITY:			REDWOOD CITY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94063
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6502613000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 CARDINAL WAY
		CITY:			REDWOOD CITY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94063

FILED BY:		

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			3DO CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000898441
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				943177293
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		SC TO-I

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 CARDINAL WAY
		CITY:			REDWOOD CITY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94063
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6502613000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 CARDINAL WAY
		CITY:			REDWOOD CITY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94063
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>SC TO-I
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d11409.txt
<TEXT>

================================================================================
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                ----------------

                                   SCHEDULE TO
                             TENDER OFFER STATEMENT
                                      Under
                       SECTION 14(d)(1) OR 13(e)(1) OF THE
                         SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                                ----------------

                                 THE 3DO COMPANY
         (Name of Subject Company (Issuer) and Filing Person (Offeror))

           Options to Purchase Common Stock, Par Value $0.01 Per Share
                         (Title of Class of Securities)

                                    88553W204
        (CUSIP Number of Class of Securities of Underlying Common Stock)

                                 James Alan Cook
                  Executive Vice President and General Counsel
                                 The 3DO Company
                                200 Cardinal Way
                         Redwood City, California 94063
                                 (650) 385-3000
       (Name, address and telephone number of person authorized to receive
             notices and communications on behalf of filing person)

                                   Copies to:

                                Neil Wolff, Esq.
                        Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati,
                            Professional Corporation
                               650 Page Mill Road
                        Palo Alto, California 94304-1050
                                 (650) 493-9300

                            CALCULATION OF FILING FEE
================================================================================
          Transaction Valuation*                Amount of Filing Fee
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
              $ 1,634,059.00                           $150.33
================================================================================

*     Calculated solely for purposes of determining the filing fee. This amount
      assumes that options to purchase 2,545,100 shares of common stock of The
      3DO Company having an aggregate value of $1,634,059 as of October 22, 2002
      will be exchanged and/or cancelled pursuant to this offer. The aggregate
      value of such options was calculated based on the Black-Scholes option
      pricing model. The amount of the filing fee, calculated in accordance with
      Rule 0-11(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, equals
      $92 per each $1.0 million of the value of the transaction.

|_|   Check the box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Rule
      0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing with which the offsetting fee was
      previously paid. Identify the previous filing by registration statement
      number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing.

                     Amount Previously Paid: Not applicable.
                    Form or Registration No.: Not applicable.
                          Filing Party: Not applicable.
                          Date Filed: October 23, 2002

|_|   Check the box if the filing relates solely to preliminary communications
      made before the commencement of a tender offer.

Check the appropriate boxes below to designate any transactions to which the
statement relates:

|_|   third party tender offer subject to Rule 14d-1.
|X|   issuer tender offer subject to Rule 13e-4.
|_|   going-private transaction subject to Rule 13e-3.
|_|   amendment to Schedule 13D under Rule 13d-2.

Check the following box if the filing is a final amendment reporting the results
of the tender offer: |_|

================================================================================
<PAGE>


Item 1. Summary Term Sheet.

      The information set forth under the caption "Summary Term Sheet" in the
Offer to Exchange Certain Outstanding Options for New Options dated October 23,
2002 ("Offer to Exchange"), a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit
(a)(1)(i), is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2. Subject Company Information.

(a)   Name and Address.

      The name of the issuer is The 3DO Company, a Delaware corporation ("3DO"
or the "Company"). The address of its principal executive offices is 200
Cardinal Way, Redwood City, California 94063. The telephone number at that
address is (650) 385-3000.

(b)   Securities.

      This Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO relates to an offer by the
Company to certain eligible persons to exchange options with exercise prices
greater than or equal to $5.76 per share that are currently outstanding under
The 3DO Company 1993 Incentive Stock Plan (the "1993 Stock Plan) to purchase an
aggregate of approximately 2,480,080 shares of the Company's Common Stock, par
value $0.01 per share ("Option Shares"), for new options that will be granted
under either the 2002 Stock Plan (the "New Options"), upon the terms and subject
to the conditions set forth under "The Offer" in the Offer to Exchange. Eligible
persons are all holders of stock options eligible to be tendered pursuant to the
Offer to Exchange who (i) reside in the United States, (ii) hold their options
as of the date the Offer to Exchange commences and through the date the tendered
options are cancelled and (iii) are not non-employee members of the Boards of
Directors of the Company and its subsidiaries.

      Eligible persons may exchange options with exercise prices greater than or
equal to $5.76 per share.

      As of October 21, 2002, options to purchase 2,750,694 shares of our Common
Stock were issued and outstanding, of which options to purchase approximately
2,480,080 shares of our Common Stock, constituting approximately 90%, were held
by eligible persons and were eligible for exchange in the Offer to Exchange.

      The information set forth in the Offer to Exchange under the captions
"Summary Term Sheet," Section 1 ("Eligibility"), Section 2 ("Number of options;
expiration date"), Section 6 ("Acceptance of options for exchange and issuance
of new options"), and Section 9 ("Source and amount of consideration; terms of
new options") is incorporated herein by reference. The information set forth in
Schedule B to the Offer to Exchange is incorporated herein by reference.

(c)   Trading Market and Price.

      The information set forth in the Offer to Exchange under Section 8 ("Price
range of shares underlying the options") is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 3. Identity and Background of Filing Person.

(a)   Name and Address.


                                      -2-
<PAGE>

      The filing person is the issuer. The information set forth under Item 2(a)
above is incorporated herein by reference. The information set forth in Schedule
A to the Offer to Exchange is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 4. Terms of the Transaction.

(a)   Material Terms.

      The information set forth in the Offer to Exchange under "Summary Term
Sheet," Section 1 ("Eligibility"), Section 2 ("Number of options; expiration
date"), Section 4 ("Procedures for tendering options"), Section 5 ("Withdrawal
rights and change of election"), Section 6 ("Acceptance of options for exchange
and issuance of new options"), Section 7 ("Conditions of the Offer"), Section 9
("Source and amount of consideration; terms of new options"), Section 12
("Status of options acquired by us in the Offer; accounting consequences of the
Offer"), Section 13 ("Legal matters; regulatory approvals"), Section 4
("Material income tax consequences and certain other considerations for
employees who are tax residents outside of the United States") and Section 5
("Extension of Offer; termination; amendment") are incorporated herein by
reference.

(b)   Purchases.

      The information set forth in the Offer to Exchange under Section 11
("Interests of directors and officers; transactions and arrangements concerning
the options") is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5. Past Contacts, Transactions, Negotiations and Arrangements.

(e)   Agreements Involving the Subject Company's Securities.

      The information set forth in the Offer to Exchange under Section 11
("Interests of directors and officers; transactions and arrangements concerning
the options") is incorporated by reference. The eligible option plans and option
agreements attached hereto as Exhibits (d)(1) and (d)(2) contain information
regarding the subject securities.

Item 6. Purposes of the Transaction and Plans or Proposals.

(a)   Purposes.

      The information set forth in the Offer to Exchange under Section 3
("Purpose of the Offer") is incorporated herein by reference.

(b)   Use of Securities Acquired.

      The information set forth in the Offer to Exchange under Section 6
("Acceptance of options for Exchange and issuance of new options") and Section
12 ("Status of options acquired by us in the Offer; accounting consequences of
the Offer") is incorporated herein by reference.

(c)   Plans.

      The information set forth in the Offer to Exchange under Section 3
("Purpose of the Offer") is incorporated herein by reference.


                                      -3-
<PAGE>

Item 7. Source and Amount of Funds or Other Consideration.

(a)   Source of Funds.

      The information set forth in the Offer to Exchange under Section 9
("Source and amount of consideration; terms of new options") and Section 16
("Fees and expenses") is incorporated herein by reference.

(b)   Conditions.

      Not applicable.

(d)   Borrowed Funds.

      Not applicable.

Item 8. Interest in Securities of the Subject Company.

(a)   Securities Ownership.

      The information set forth in the Offer to Exchange under Section 11
("Interests of directors and officers; transactions and arrangements concerning
the options") and Schedule B ("Beneficial Ownership Table") is incorporated
herein by reference.

(b)   Securities Transactions.

      The information set forth in the Offer to Exchange under Section 11
("Interests of directors and officers; transactions and arrangements concerning
the options") is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9. Person/Assets, Retained, Employed, Compensated or Used.

(a)   Solicitations or Recommendations.

      Not applicable.

Item 10. Financial Statements.

(a)   Financial Information.

      The information set forth (i) in the Offer to Exchange under Section 10
("Information concerning The 3DO Company"), Section 17 ("Additional
information") and Section 18 ("Financial information"), (ii) on pages 52 through
77 of 3DO's Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended March 31, 2002,
is incorporated herein by reference and (iii) on pages 3 through 14 of 3DO's
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for its first fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2002,
is incorporated herein by reference, and is available over the Internet at the
World Wide Web site of the Securities and Exchange Commission at
http://www.sec.gov.

(b)   Pro Forma Information.

      Not applicable.

(c)   Summary Information.


                                      -4-
<PAGE>

      The information set forth in the Offer to Exchange under Section 18
("Financial information") is hereby incorporate by reference.

Item 11. Additional Information.

(a)   Agreements, Regulatory Requirements and Legal Proceedings.

      The information set forth in the Offer to Exchange under Section 13
("Legal matters; regulatory approvals") is incorporated herein by reference.

      On October 1, 2002, the Company entered into a transaction where it
borrowed $3,000,000 from its CEO, William M. Hawkins III. The indebtedness owing
to William M. Hawkins III is evidenced by a secured bridge note (the "Note").
The Note is secured by all of the Company's assets pursuant to the terms and
conditions set forth in a security agreement (the "Security Agreement") issued
by 3DO in favor of William M. Hawkins III. A copy of the Note is attached as
Exhibit 10.1 and a copy of the Security Agreement is attached as Exhibit 10.2 to
the Company's Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
October 7, 2002. The indebtedness evidenced by the Note is subordinated to the
indebtedness owing by 3DO to GE Capital Commercial Services, Inc. under a Loan
and Security Agreement dated as of June 27, 2002, filed as Exhibit 10.14 to the
Company's Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 1,
2002. The terms by which the Note is subordinated are more fully set forth in a
subordination agreement (the "Subordination Agreement") entered into by and
among the Company, William H. Hawkins III and GE Capital Commercial Services,
Inc. A copy of the Subordination Agreement is attached as Exhibit 10.3 to the
Company's Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October
7, 2002 .

(b)   Other Material Information.

      Not applicable.

Item 12. Exhibits.

(a)   (1)     (i)    Offer to Exchange Certain Outstanding Options for New
                     Options, dated October 23, 2002.

              (ii)   Memorandum from Trip Hawkins dated October 23, 2002.

              (iii)  Election Form.

              (iv)   Form of Notice to Withdraw from the Offer.

              (v)    Form of Promise to Grant Stock Option(s).

              (vi)   Form of E-mail confirmation of receipt of Election Form.

              (vii)  Form of E-mail confirmation of receipt of Notice to
                     Withdraw from the Offer.

              (viii) Form of E-mail reminder about Expiration of Offer.

              (ix)   Form of E-mail notification of acceptance and cancellation
                     of tendered options.

              (x)    The 3DO Company Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal
                     year ended March 31, 2002, previously filed with the
                     Securities and Exchange Corporation on July 1, 2002, and
                     incorporated herein by reference.


                                      -5-
<PAGE>

              (xi)   The 3DO Company Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
                     quarter ended June 30, 2002, previously filed with the
                     Securities and Exchange Commission on August 14, 2002, and
                     incorporated herein by reference.

(b)   Not applicable.

(d)   (1)     The 3DO Company 1993 Incentive Stock Plan and form of agreement
              thereunder.

      (2)     The 3DO Company 2002 Stock Plan and form of agreement thereunder.

(g)   Not applicable.

(h)   Not applicable.

Item 13. Information Required by Schedule 13E-3.

(a)   Not applicable.


                                      -6-
<PAGE>

                                    SIGNATURE

      After due inquiry and to the best of my knowledge and belief, I certify
that the information set forth in this Schedule TO is true, complete and
correct.


                                  THE 3DO COMPANY

                                  By: /s/
                                      -----------------------------------------
                                      William M. Hawkins III
                                      Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive
                                      Officer

Date: October 23, 2002


                                      -7-
<PAGE>

                                INDEX TO EXHIBITS

     Exhibit
     Number                              Description
- ----------------  --------------------------------------------------------------
(a)(1)(i)         Offer to Exchange Certain Outstanding Options for New Options,
                  dated October 23, 2002.

(a)(1)(ii)        Memorandum from Trip Hawkins dated October 23, 2002.

(a)(1)(iii)       Election Form.

(a)(1)(iv)        Form of Notice to Withdraw from the Offer.

(a)(1)(v)         Form of Promise to Grant Stock Option(s).

(a)(1)(vi)        Form of E-mail confirmation of receipt of Election Form.

(a)(1)(vii)       Form of E-mail confirmation of receipt of Notice to Withdraw
                  from the Offer.

(a)(1)(viii)      Form of E-mail reminder about Expiration of Offer.

(a)(1)(ix)        Form of E-mail notification of acceptance and cancellation of
                  tendered options.

(a)(1)(x)         The 3DO Company Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year
                  ended March 31, 2002, previously filed with the Securities and
                  Exchange Corporation on July 1, 2002 and incorporated herein
                  by reference.

(a)(1)(xi)        The 3DO Company Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter
                  ended June 30, 2002, previously filed with the Securities and
                  Exchange Commission on August 14, 2002 and incorporated herein
                  by reference.

(d)(1)            The 3DO Company 1993 Incentive Stock Plan and form of
                  agreement thereunder.

(d)(2)            The 3DO Company 1995 Director Option Plan and form of
                  agreement thereunder.

================================================================================


                                      -8-

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex-a1i.txt
<TEXT>

                                                               Exhibit (a)(1)(i)

                                 THE 3DO COMPANY
          OFFER TO EXCHANGE CERTAIN OUTSTANDING OPTIONS FOR NEW OPTIONS
                                October 23, 2002

      This offer to exchange (the "Offer") and the right to withdraw from this
Offer expire at 5:00 p.m., Pacific Time, on November 21, 2002, unless we extend
the Offer.

      This document constitutes part of a prospectus relating to The 3DO
Company's 1993 Incentive Stock Plan covering securities that have been
registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

                          ----------------------------

      The 3DO Company ("3DO," "we" or "us") is offering eligible persons the
opportunity to exchange certain outstanding, unexercised options to purchase
shares of 3DO common stock with exercise prices equal to or greater than $5.76
per share for new options that 3DO will grant under its 2002 Stock Plan (the
"2002 Stock Plan").

      "Eligible persons" are all holders of stock options eligible to be
tendered pursuant to this Offer who hold their options as of the date this Offer
commences and through the date the tendered options are cancelled, except
non-employee members of the Boards of Directors of 3DO and our subsidiaries.

      Eligible persons may exchange options with exercise prices greater than or
equal to $5.76.

      If you elect to exchange an option with an exercise price per share equal
to or greater than $5.76, you will receive a new option to purchase a number of
3DO shares equal to the number of unexercised shares subject to the old option
you are tendering.

      Eligible persons may only tender options for all or none of the
outstanding, unexercised shares subject to an individual option grant.

      Subject to the terms and conditions of this Offer, we will grant the new
options no earlier than the date that is six months and one day after the date
we cancel the options accepted for exchange (the "New Option Grant Date"). This
Offer is currently scheduled to expire at 5:00 p.m., Pacific Time, on November
21, 2002 (the "Expiration Date"), and we expect to cancel options on November
22, 2002, or as soon as possible thereafter (the "Cancellation Date"). The Offer
commenced on October 23, 2002 (the "Commencement Date").

      The exercise price per share of the new options will be the fair market
value of 3DO common stock on the date of grant, as determined by the closing
price of our common stock reported by the Nasdaq National Market on the New
Option Grant Date. Each new option will be subject to a new vesting schedule
which we describe on page 23.

      This Offer is not conditioned on a minimum number of options being
tendered. Participation in the Offer is voluntary. The Offer is subject to
conditions that we describe in Section 7 of this Offer.

      Although 3DO's Board of Directors has approved making this Offer, neither
3DO nor the Board of Directors makes any recommendation as to whether you should
tender or not tender your options for exchange. Read all the enclosed documents
carefully, especially "Certain Risks of Participating in the


OFFER                                  -i-
<PAGE>

                                                               Exhibit (a)(1)(i)

Offer" on pages 8 through 31. You must evaluate the risks associated with the
Offer and make your own decision whether or not to tender any or all of your
eligible options.

      3DO common stock trades on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol
"THDO." On October 21, 2002, the closing price of our common stock reported on
the Nasdaq National Market was $1.11 per share. We recommend that you evaluate
current market quotes for our common stock, among other factors, before deciding
whether or not to tender your options.

      You should direct questions about the mechanics of this Offer or requests
for additional copies of the documents relating to this Offer to Gina Caruso,
Director of Human Resources, The 3DO Company, telephone (650) 385-2654, or
e-mail gina.caruso@3do.com. For questions regarding the legal, financial or tax
implications of this Offer, you should contact your own legal, financial and tax
advisors.

      See pages 14 through 16 for instructions on how to tender your options.

      This Offer has not been approved or disapproved by the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), any state securities commission, or any similar
foreign securities regulatory authority, nor has the SEC, any state securities
commission, or any similar foreign securities regulatory authority passed upon
the accuracy or adequacy of the information contained in this Offer. Any
representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.

      We are not making this Offer to, and we will not accept any tender of
options from or on behalf of, option holders in any jurisdiction in which the
Offer or the acceptance of any tender of options would not be in compliance with
the laws, rules, regulations or policies of that jurisdiction. However, we may,
at our discretion, take any actions necessary for us to make this Offer to
option holders in any of these jurisdictions.

      We have not authorized any person to make any representation or
recommendation on our behalf as to whether you should tender or not tender your
options through the Offer. You should rely only on the information in this
document or in documents to which we refer. We have not authorized any third
party to give you any information or to make any representation in connection
with the Offer.


OFFER                                 -ii-
<PAGE>

                                                               Exhibit (a)(1)(i)

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----

SUMMARY TERM SHEET..........................................................   1

CERTAIN RISKS OF PARTICIPATING IN THE OFFER.................................   8

THE OFFER

1.    Eligibility...........................................................  12

2.    Number of options; expiration date....................................  12

3.    Purpose of the Offer..................................................  13

4.    Procedures for tendering options......................................  14

5.    Withdrawal rights and change of election..............................  16

6.    Acceptance of options for exchange and issuance of new options........  17

7.    Conditions of the Offer...............................................  18

8.    Price range of shares underlying the options..........................  20

9.    Source and amount of consideration; terms of new options..............  21

10.   Information concerning The 3DO Company................................  24

11.   Interests of directors and officers; transactions and arrangements
      concerning the options................................................  25

12.   Status of options acquired by us in the Offer; accounting
      consequences of the Offer.............................................  25

13.   Legal matters; regulatory approvals...................................  25

14.   Material U.S. federal income tax consequences.........................  26

15.   Extension of Offer; termination; amendment............................  27

16.   Fees and expenses.....................................................  29

17.   Additional information................................................  29

18.   Financial information.................................................  30

19.   Miscellaneous.........................................................  30

SCHEDULE A  Information Concerning the Directors, Executive Officers and
            Other Senior Officers of The 3DO Company........................ A-1
SCHEDULE B  Beneficial Ownership Table ..................................... A-2


OFFER                                -iii-
<PAGE>

                                                               Exhibit (a)(1)(i)

                               SUMMARY TERM SHEET

      The following are answers to some of the questions that you may have about
this Offer. We urge you to carefully read this Offer as a whole because the
information in this summary is not complete, and additional important
information is contained in the remainder of this Offer and the accompanying
documents. For your convenience, we have included in this summary page
references to the remainder of this Offer where you can find a more complete
description of the topics addressed in this summary.

Q1.   What securities is 3DO offering to exchange?

      We are offering to exchange outstanding, unexercised options to purchase
shares of 3DO common stock with exercise prices equal to or greater than $5.76
per share issued under our 1993 Incentive Stock Plan in return for new options
which we will grant under our 2002 Stock Plan.

Q2.   Who is eligible to participate?

      You are eligible to participate if you hold one or more options issued
under the 1993 Incentive Stock Plan as of the Commencement Date and are not a
non-employee director of 3DO or one of its subsidiaries and remain a service
provider through the Cancellation Date. In order to receive any new options, you
must have had options cancelled in accordance with this Offer and be either an
employee of or providing services under contract to 3DO, one of our subsidiaries
or a successor entity through the date the new options are granted. (Page 12)

Q3.   Are there any eligibility requirements that I must satisfy after the
      expiration date of the Offer to receive the new options?

      In order to receive any new options, you must have had options cancelled
in accordance with this Offer and be either an employee of or providing services
under contract to 3DO, one of our subsidiaries or a successor entity on the date
the new options are granted. (Page 12)

Q4.   Why is 3DO making the Offer?

      We believe that holding stock options aligns employee and stockholder
interests and motivates high levels of performance. The Offer provides an
additional incentive for eligible persons to stay with 3DO. Some of our
outstanding options, whether or not they are currently exercisable, have
exercise prices that are significantly higher than the current market price of
our common stock. We believe these options do not provide adequate incentives
because the exercise prices of the options significantly exceed our current
market price. By making this offer to exchange outstanding options for new
options that will have an exercise price equal to the market value of the shares
on the New Option Grant Date, we intend to provide eligible persons with the
benefit of owning options that over time may have a greater potential to
increase in value. We believe this will create better performance incentives for
eligible persons and thereby enhance stockholder value. (Page 13)

Q5.   What are the conditions to the Offer?

      The conditions are described in Section 7 of this Offer. This Offer is not
conditioned on a minimum number of options being tendered. Participation in this
Offer is voluntary. (Page 18)


OFFER                                 -1-
<PAGE>

                                                               Exhibit (a)(1)(i)

Q6.   May shares of 3DO restricted stock (often referred to as "83(b) shares"),
      warrants to purchase 3DO stock or other securities of 3DO be tendered for
      exchange?

      No. Shares of 3DO that have already been purchased, whether vested or
unvested, warrants to purchase 3DO stock, and any other 3DO securities (other
than unexercised stock options) are not eligible to be tendered for exchange.

Q7.   How many new options will I receive in exchange for my tendered options?

      Tendered options will be exchanged on a one new share-for-one old share
basis. The number of new option shares that you receive will also be subject to
adjustment for any stock splits, subdivisions, combinations, stock dividends and
similar events that occur after the Cancellation Date but before the New Option
Grant Date. (Page 12)

Q8.   When will I receive my new options?

      The Board of Directors of 3DO intends to grant the new options on the date
that is six months and one day after the Cancellation Date. If we do not extend
the Offer, the new option grant date will be May 23, 2003. You must execute a
new option agreement before receiving your new option. (Page 12)

Q9.   If I tender options in the Offer, will I be eligible to receive other
      option grants before six months and one day after the date my old options
      are cancelled.

      No. If we accept options you tender in the Offer, we will defer the grant
to you of any other options until at least six months and one day after the
Cancellation Date. (Page 12)

Q10.  Will I be required to give up all my rights to the cancelled options?

      Yes. Once we have accepted the options that you have tendered, your
options will be cancelled and you will no longer have any rights under those
options. (Page 16)

Q11.  What will the exercise price of the new options be?

      The exercise price per share of the new options will be the closing price
of our common stock reported by the Nasdaq National Market on the date of grant.
We cannot predict the exercise price of the new options. Because we will grant
new options on the first business day that is at least 6 months and 1 day after
the date on which we cancel the options accepted for exchange, the new options
may have a higher exercise price than some or all of your current options.
(Pages 22)

Q12.  If I choose to tender an option that is eligible for exchange, do I have
      to tender all the shares covered by that option?

      Yes. We are not accepting partial tenders of options. However, you may
tender the remaining portion of an option that you have partially exercised. If
you are an eligible person, you may tender one or more of your options, but you
may only tender all or none of the unexercised shares covered by an eligible
prior option grant.


OFFER                                 -2-
<PAGE>

                                                               Exhibit (a)(1)(i)

      For example, if you hold (i) an option to purchase 1,000 shares at $16.00
per share, 700 of which you have already been exercised, (ii) an option to
purchase 1,000 shares at an exercise price of $26.00 per share and (iii) an
option to purchase 2,000 shares at an exercise price of $5.76 per share, you may
tender:

      o     none of your options,

      o     your first option covering 300 remaining unexercised shares,

      o     your second option covering 1,000 shares,

      o     your third option covering 2,000 shares,

      o     all unexercised shares under any two of your three options, or

      o     all unexercised shares under all three of your options.

      (Page 14)

      If you decide to tender any of your options for exchange, then you must
tender all of your options that were granted to you from April 23, 2002, until
the Cancellation Date. For example, if you received an option grant in January
2002 and a grant in September 2002 and you wish to tender your January 2002
option grant, you also are required to tender your September 2002 option grant
if you wish to participate in the Offer. The number of New Options that you
receive will include any options that you tendered that were granted to you from
April 23, 2002, until the Cancellation Date.

Q13.  When will the new options vest?

      The New Options will have the same vesting schedule as the Old Options,
except that no options will vest during the period between the Cancellation Date
of the Old Options and the New Option Grant Date. If you elect to cancel any
grant of options some (or all) of which have already vested prior to the
Cancellation Date, then an equivalent number of the new options granted to you
on the New Option Grant Date will be deemed already vested, while the remainder
of the new options that are granted to you on the New Option Grant Date will
have the same vesting schedule as was applicable to the unvested options that
were part of the same option grant that you elected to cancel; provided,
however, no options will vest during the period between the Cancellation Date of
the option grant(s) that you elect to cancel and the New Option Grant Date.

      For example, suppose you have (i) an option for 1,000 shares that was
granted in May 1997 with a 60-month vesting schedule and (ii) an option for
1,000 shares that was granted in January 2001 with a 48-month vesting schedule.

            o     The first option would be fully vested prior to cancellation.
                  The New Option would be fully vested as of the New Option
                  Grant Date, and all 1,000 shares would be exercisable as of
                  that date.

            o     The second option would be 22/48ths vested prior to
                  cancellation and vesting at the rate of 20.83 shares per
                  month. On the New Option Grant Date, the New Option would have
                  458


OFFER                                 -3-
<PAGE>

                                                               Exhibit (a)(1)(i)

                  (22/48ths) vested options. The remaining 542 unvested options
                  would vest at the rate of 20.83 shares per month over the next
                  26 months (June 23, 2003, through July 23, 2005).

      The vesting of any new options will cease if you are no longer an employee
of or providing services to 3DO or one of our subsidiaries. (Page 22)

Q14.  What if 3DO is acquired by another company?

      It is possible that, prior to the grant of the new options, 3DO might be
acquired by another company. The Promise to Grant Stock Option(s) which we will
provide to you promptly after the cancellation of any options you tender for
exchange is a binding commitment, and any successor to 3DO will be legally
obligated by that commitment, subject to you meeting the conditions for
receiving a new option. If 3DO is acquired by another company for stock before
the new options are granted, any new stock options you receive would be for the
purchase of the acquiring company's stock (as opposed to 3DO's) based on the
exchange ratio established in connection with the acquisition, with an exercise
price equal to the fair market value of the acquiring company's stock on the
grant date of the new options, subject to you meeting the conditions for
receiving the new options. If 3DO is acquired by another company solely for
cash, the treatment of the options would be similar to a stock acquisition,
however the number of shares subject to the new options that you would receive
would be based on the number of shares of the acquiring company's stock that you
would have been able to purchase if you had received the cash paid to 3DO's
stockholders for all of the shares subject to your cancelled options. If 3DO is
acquired by another company whose stock is not publicly traded, then any new
stock options granted by the private company would likely be exercisable for
stock that is not publicly traded which could be difficult to sell. Depending on
the structure of the transaction, an acquisition of 3DO could potentially result
in a greater financial benefit for those option holders who opted not to
participate in this Offer and who instead retained their original options.
(Pages 17 to 18)

      If we are acquired by another company, that company may decide to
terminate some or all of our eligible persons before granting new options, which
would mean that you would not receive the new option or any other consideration
for the options that were cancelled. Termination of your employment for this or
any other reason before the new options are granted means that you will receive
neither new options, nor any other compensation for your cancelled options.
(Page 8)

Q15.  Are there circumstances where I would not be granted new options?

      Yes. If, for any reason, you are no longer either an employee of or
providing services under contract to 3DO, one of our subsidiaries or a successor
entity on the date when new options are granted, you will not receive any new
options. Your employment with 3DO or one of our subsidiaries remains "at will"
and can be terminated by you or 3DO or one of our subsidiaries at any time, with
or without notice. (Page 17)

      Even if we accept your tendered options, we will not grant new options to
you if we are prohibited by applicable laws, rules, regulations or policies from
doing so. (Page 26)

Q16.  What happens to options that I choose not to tender or that are not
      accepted for exchange?

      Options that are eligible for exchange that you choose not to tender for
exchange or that we do not accept for exchange remain outstanding until you
exercise them or they expire by their terms, and they will retain their current
exercise price and vesting schedule.


OFFER                                 -4-
<PAGE>

                                                               Exhibit (a)(1)(i)

Q17.  Will I have to pay taxes if I exchange my options in the Offer?

      If you are a United States taxpayer and exchange your current options for
new options, you should not be required under current law to recognize income
for U.S. federal income tax purposes at the time of the exchange or at the grant
date of the new options. (Page 26)

Q18.  Will my new options be incentive stock options or nonstatutory stock
      options?

      If you are an eligible person residing in the United States who is an
employee of 3DO or one of our subsidiaries and meet the conditions for receiving
new options, your new option grant will be an incentive stock option to the
maximum extent permitted under U.S. tax laws on the date of the grant. If the
limit for incentive stock options is exceeded, then the remainder of your new
option grant will be granted as a nonstatutory stock option. All other eligible
persons who meet the conditions for receiving new options will receive
nonstatutory stock options. (Page 17)

Q19.  When will my new options expire?

      Your new options will expire ten years from the date of grant. However, if
your employment or consulting relationship with 3DO or one of our subsidiaries
terminates, the option will generally expire earlier. (Page 22)

Q20.  When does the Offer expire? Can the Offer be extended, and if so, how will
      I be notified if it is extended?

      The Offer expires on November 21, 2002, at 5:00 p.m., Pacific Time, unless
we extend it. We may, in our sole discretion, extend the Offer at any time, but
we cannot assure you that the Offer will be extended or, if extended, for how
long. If the Offer is extended, we will make a public announcement of the
extension no later than 6:00 a.m., Pacific Time, on the next business day
following the previously scheduled expiration of the Offer period. (Page 17)

Q21.  Where can I find information on the current status of my existing option
      grants?

      You may log on to E*Trade OptionsLink at www.optionslink.com to find a
listing of each option grant, including the grant date, grant number, the grant
price, the number of shares granted, the number of vested shares, the number of
exercisable shares, and the vesting schedule. You may also obtain a stock option
summary by contacting Gina Caruso, Director of Human Resources, The 3DO Company,
telephone 650-385-2654, or e-mail gina.caruso@3do.com.

Q22.  How do I tender my options?

      If you decide to tender your options, you must deliver, by 5:00 p.m.,
Pacific Time, on November 21, 2002 (or such later date and time as we may extend
the expiration of the Offer), a properly completed and executed Election Form
and any other documents required by the Election Form via facsimile or hand
delivery to the individuals listed on page 14. Email responses are not
acceptable.

      This is a one-time offer, and we will not accept late tenders of options
under any circumstances. We reserve the right to reject any or all tenders of
options that we determine are not in appropriate form or that we determine are
unlawful to accept. Subject to our rights to extend, terminate and amend the
Offer, we


OFFER                                 -5-
<PAGE>

                                                               Exhibit (a)(1)(i)

presently expect that promptly after the expiration of the Offer, we will accept
all properly tendered options. (Page 17)

Q23.  May I withdraw previously tendered options?

      You may withdraw your tendered options at any time before the Offer
expires at 5:00 p.m., Pacific Time, on November 21, 2002. If we extend the Offer
beyond that time, you may withdraw your tendered options at any time until the
extended expiration of the Offer. To withdraw tendered options, you must deliver
to us via facsimile or hand delivery a signed Notice to Withdraw from the Offer,
with the required information while you still have the right to withdraw the
tendered options. Once you have withdrawn options, you may re-tender options
only by again following the delivery procedures described above prior to the
expiration of the Offer. The Notice to Withdraw should be delivered to the
person listed on page 14. (Page 16)

      Please note that if you submit a Notice to Withdraw from the Offer, you
will no longer participate in the Offer. If you do not wish to withdraw all your
tendered options from the Offer, you should not submit a Notice to Withdraw from
the Offer. If you wish to change your mind about which options to tender, you
must submit a new Election Form. Please read the following question and answer
regarding a change in election.

Q24.  Can I change my election regarding particular tendered options?

      Yes, you may change your election regarding particular tendered options at
any time before the Offer expires at 5:00 p.m., Pacific Time, on November 21,
2002. If we extend the Offer beyond that time, you may change your election
regarding particular tendered options at any time until the extended expiration
of the Offer. In order to change your election and still participate in the
Offer, you must deliver to us a new Election Form via facsimile or hand
delivery, which includes the information regarding your new election, and is
signed and clearly dated after the date of your original Election Form. In order
to change your election and cease to participate in the Offer, you must deliver
to us a Notice to Withdraw from the Offer via facsimile or hand delivery, which
is signed and clearly dated after the date of your most recently submitted
Election Form. Once we receive a new Election Form or a Notice to Withdraw from
the Offer submitted by you, your previously submitted Election Form will be
disregarded. A new Election Form or a Notice to Withdraw from the Offer should
be delivered to the person identified on page 14. (Page 16)

Q25.  Why wait at least six months and one day after the date we cancel options
      to grant the new options? Why can't 3DO just reprice my options, as I have
      seen done at other companies?

      Published rules of the Financial Accounting Standards Board require
options granted within six months of cancelled options to be treated as a
variable expense to earnings. This means that we would be required to record the
non-cash accounting impact of increases in our stock price as a compensation
expense if we issued new options immediately. We would have to continue this
variable accounting for these new options until they were exercised, forfeited
or terminated. The higher the market value of our shares, the greater the
compensation expense we would have to record. By deferring the grant of the new
options for at least six months and one day, we believe that we will not have to
treat the new options as variable awards. We believe that many companies,
including many of our peer companies, that have exchanged options have followed
the same process of applying the six month and one day waiting period prior to
granting new options.


OFFER                                 -6-
<PAGE>

                                                               Exhibit (a)(1)(i)

Q26.  Is this a repricing?

      No. Instead of repricing old options, this Offer is called a cancel and
regrant which includes at least a six-month and one day waiting period before
obtaining a new fair market value grant. The Financial Accounting Standards
Board has adopted rules that result in unfavorable accounting consequences for
companies that reprice options. If we repriced your options, our potential for
profitability in the future would be significantly reduced because we would be
required to record a charge against earnings with respect to any future
appreciation of the repriced options.

Q27.  Why can't I just be granted additional options?

      Because of the large number of options with exercise prices that
significantly exceed our current market price, a grant of additional options to
holders of such options would potentially dilute our stockholders by increasing
our number of outstanding shares and, in any quarter in which we are profitable,
lower our diluted earnings per share.

Q28.  Wouldn't it be easier to just terminate my employment with 3DO and then
      get rehired?

      No. The accounting rules we follow look through any change in the legal
form of your relationship with 3DO and still require a six-month and one day
minimum waiting period to receive new options.

Q29.  Why will my new options take longer to fully vest than my old options?

      This is intended to balance the interests of the eligible persons and our
stockholders. Eligible persons are being offered an opportunity to exchange old
options with high exercise prices for new options with exercise prices equal to
the fair market value of our common stock at the time of grant. The extended
vesting provides the Company and our stockholders with an additional employee
retention incentive.

Q30.  What do 3DO and the Board of Directors think of the Offer?

      Although our Board of Directors has approved the Offer, neither the
officers nor the Board of Directors of 3DO are making any representation or
recommendation as to whether you should tender or not tender your options. You
must make an independent decision on whether or not to tender options. We
strongly urge you to read "Certain Risks of Participating in the Offer"
beginning on page 9 of this Offer. For questions regarding the legal and tax
implications or other investment-related questions, you should talk to your own
legal counsel, and financial and tax advisors.

Q31.  To whom can I talk to if I have questions about the Offer?

      For additional information or assistance on the mechanics of the Offer,
you should contact Gina Caruso, Director of Human Resources, The 3DO Company,
telephone 650-385-2654, or e-mail gina.caruso@3do.com. For questions regarding
the legal, financial or tax implications of this Offer, you should contact your
own legal counsel, financial and tax advisors.


OFFER                                 -7-
<PAGE>

                                                               Exhibit (a)(1)(i)

                   CERTAIN RISKS OF PARTICIPATING IN THE OFFER

      Participation in the Offer involves a number of potential risks, including
those described below. This list and the risk factors under the heading entitled
"Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk" in 3DO's quarterly
report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2002, highlight the material
risks of participating in this Offer. In addition, we strongly urge you to read
the sections in this Offer discussing tax consequences in the United States and
outside the United States, as well as the rest of this Offer. Eligible
participants should carefully consider these risks and are encouraged to speak
with their own legal counsel, and financial and tax advisors before deciding
whether to participate in the Offer.

                                 ECONOMIC RISKS

If our stock price increases after the date your tendered options are cancelled,
including if 3DO is acquired by or merges with another company, your cancelled
options might have been worth more than the new options that you receive in
exchange for them.

      We cannot predict the exercise price of new options. Because we will not
grant the new options for at least six months and one day after the Cancellation
Date, the new options may have a higher exercise price than some or all of your
current options.

      We may engage in transactions in the future with business partners or
other companies which could significantly change our structure, ownership,
organization or management or the make-up of our Board of Directors, and which
could significantly affect the price of our shares. If we engage in such a
transaction or transactions before the date we grant the new options, our shares
could increase (or decrease) in value, and the exercise price of the new options
could be higher (or lower) than the exercise price of options you elect to
tender and that are cancelled by us in connection with this Offer.

      3DO's merger with or sale to another company could have substantial
effects on our stock price, including potentially substantial appreciation in
the price of our stock. Depending on the structure and terms of such a
transaction, tendering option holders might be deprived of any further price
appreciation in the stock associated with the new options. For example, if our
common stock is acquired in a cash merger before the new options are granted,
the fair market value of our common stock, and hence the price at which new
options would be granted, could be at a price at or near the cash price being
paid for our common stock in the transaction, yielding limited or no financial
benefit to a recipient of the new options for that transaction.

      In addition, if 3DO is acquired by another company for stock before the
new options are granted, then any new stock options you receive would be for the
purchase of the acquiring company's stock (as opposed to 3DO's) based on the
exchange ratio in the acquisition, with an exercise price equal to the fair
market value of the acquiring company's stock on the grant date of the new
options, subject to you meeting the conditions for receiving the new options. If
3DO is acquired by another company solely for cash, the treatment of the options
would be similar to a stock acquisition; however, the number of shares subject
to the new options that you would receive would be based on the number of shares
of the acquiring company's stock that you would have been able to purchase if
you had received the cash paid to 3DO's stockholders for all of the shares
subject to your cancelled options. If 3DO is acquired by another company whose
stock is not publicly traded, then any new stock options granted by the private
company would likely be exercisable for stock that is not publicly traded which
could be difficult to sell. Option holders who do not tender their options in
the Offer will have their outstanding options treated in accordance with the
terms of the plan they are granted under,


OFFER                                 -8-
<PAGE>

                                                               Exhibit (a)(1)(i)

and if their options are assumed by a successor to our company, those options
would be priced in accordance with the terms of that transaction. This could
potentially result in a greater financial benefit for those option holders who
decided not to participate in this Offer and who instead retain their original
options.

      As outlined in Section 9 of this Offer, the exercise price of any new
options granted to you in return for your tendered options will be the fair
market value of the underlying shares on the date of grant. You will be at risk
of any such increase in our share price before the grant date of the new options
for these or any other reasons.

Participation in the Offer will make you ineligible to receive any new option
grants until May 23, 2003, at the earliest.

      You are generally eligible to receive option grants at any time that the
Board of Directors or a Committee appointed by the board chooses to make them.
However, if you participate in the Offer, you will not be eligible to receive
any additional option grants until May 23, 2003, at the earliest.

If you do not have an employment or consulting relationship with 3DO for any
reason on the date of grant of the new options, including as the result of a
reduction-in-force or another company's acquisition of us, you will neither
receive a new option nor have any of your cancelled options returned to you.

      Once we cancel the options that you elect to exchange, all of your rights
under the options terminate. Accordingly, if you do not have an employment or
consulting relationship with 3DO (or one of our subsidiaries or a successor
entity, as applicable) for any reason on the date of grant of the new options,
you will not receive any new options or other consideration in exchange for your
tendered options that have been accepted by us for exchange. This means that if
you quit for any reason, die, or we terminate your employment or consulting
arrangement, with or without cause or notice, and are not an employee or
consultant on the date we grant the new options, you will not receive anything
for the options that you tendered and that were cancelled. This Offer is not a
guarantee of employment for any period. Your employment or consulting
relationship with 3DO (or one of our subsidiaries or a successor entity, as
applicable) may be terminated at any time by either you or us, with or without
cause or notice, subject to any employment or consulting agreement you may have
with 3DO (or one of our subsidiaries or a successor entity, as applicable).

      If economic conditions remain stagnant or worsen, the Company may
undertake various additional measures to reduce its expenses including, but not
limited to, a further reduction-in-force of its employees or consultants. Should
your employment or consulting relationship be terminated as part of any such
reduction-in-force, you will not have the benefit of the cancelled option or any
new option.

      If 3DO is acquired by another company, that company may, as part of the
transaction or otherwise, decide to terminate some or all of our employees or
consultants prior to the grant of new options under this option exchange
program. If you do not have an employment or consulting relationship with 3DO
(or one of our subsidiaries, or a successor entity, as applicable) due to our
being acquired, or for any other reason on the date of grant of the new options,
you will neither receive the new option, nor will you receive any other
consideration for the options that were cancelled.


OFFER                                 -9-
<PAGE>

                                                               Exhibit (a)(1)(i)

We will not grant new options to you if we are prohibited by applicable laws or
regulations.

      Even if we accept your tendered options, we will not grant new options to
you if we are prohibited by applicable laws, rules, regulations or policies from
doing so. Such a prohibition could result from, among other things, changes in
U.S. laws, foreign laws, SEC or other similar foreign regulatory authority's
rules, regulations or policies or Nasdaq National Market listing requirements,
any delisting of our common stock or if you move to a jurisdiction in which we
are prohibited or prevented from granting options.

                             BUSINESS-RELATED RISKS

      For a description of risks related to 3DO's business, please see the
discussion of risks associated with our business under the heading "Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk" in 3DO's Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2002.

                      TAX-RELATED RISKS FOR U.S. RESIDENTS

Your new option may be a nonstatutory stock option, whereas your cancelled
option may have been an incentive stock option.

      If you are an eligible person residing in the United States who meets the
conditions for receiving new options, your new option will be an incentive stock
option, to the extent it qualifies under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended (the "Internal Revenue Code"). For options to qualify as incentive stock
options, the value of shares subject to options that first become exercisable by
the option holder in any calendar year cannot exceed $100,000, as determined
using the fair market value on the date of grant. By participating in this
exchange, a portion of any new options you receive may exceed this limit and be
treated as nonstatutory stock options. In general, nonstatutory stock options
may be less favorable to you from a tax perspective. All other eligible persons
who meet the conditions for receiving new options will receive nonstatutory
stock options.

Even if you elect not to participate in the option exchange program, your
incentive stock options may be affected.

      You should note, if you are subject to the tax laws of the United States,
that there is a risk that any of your incentive stock options that are eligible
for exchange may be affected, even if you do not participate in the exchange. We
believe that eligible options that you choose not to tender for exchange will
not be subject to current U.S. federal income tax if you do not elect to
participate in the option exchange program. We also believe that the option
exchange program will not change the U.S. federal income tax treatment of
subsequent grants and exercises of your incentive stock options (and sales of
shares acquired upon exercises of such options) if you do not participate in
this Offer.

      However, the IRS may characterize this Offer as a "modification" of those
incentive stock options, even if you decline to participate. A successful
assertion by the IRS of this position could extend the options' holding period
to qualify for favorable tax treatment. In such case, if you dispose of your
incentive stock option shares before the end of this longer holding period
(which would be two years from the date the new options are granted and one year
from exercise), your incentive stock option could be taxed as a nonstatutory
stock option.


OFFER                                 -10-
<PAGE>

                                                               Exhibit (a)(1)(i)

      In 1991, the IRS issued a private letter ruling in which another company's
option exchange program was characterized as a "modification" of all of the
incentive stock options that could be exchanged. This does not necessarily mean
that our Offer will be viewed the same way. Private letter rulings given by the
IRS contain the IRS's opinion regarding only the specific facts presented by a
specific person or company. The person or company receiving the letter may rely
on it, but no other person or company may rely on the letter ruling, nor may
they assume the same opinion would apply to their situation, even if the facts
at issue are similar. While such letters do not provide certainty, they may
indicate how the IRS will view a similar situation. We therefore do not know if
the IRS will assert the position that our Offer constitutes a "modification" of
all of the incentive stock options eligible for exchange.

      You should review Section 14 carefully for a more detailed discussion of
the potential consequences of participating in this Offer. We recommend that you
consult with your personal legal counsel, and financial and tax advisors before
deciding whether or not to participate in the Offer with respect to the legal
and tax consequences relating to your specific circumstances.


OFFER                                 -11-
<PAGE>

                                                               Exhibit (a)(1)(i)

                                    THE OFFER

      1.    Eligibility.

      Eligible persons may participate in this Offer. "Eligible persons" are all
holders of stock options eligible to be tendered pursuant to this Offer who (i)
hold their options as of the Commencement Date and through the Cancellation Date
and (ii) are not non-employee members of the Boards of Directors of 3DO and our
subsidiaries.

      In order to receive a new option, you must have had option(s) cancelled in
accordance with this Offer and be either an employee of or providing services
under contract to 3DO, one of our subsidiaries or a successor entity on the date
the new options are granted, which will not be before the first business day
that is at least six months and one day after the Cancellation Date. If, for any
reason, you do not meet these conditions on the date we grant the new options,
you will not receive any new options or other consideration in exchange for your
tendered options that we have accepted for exchange and cancelled. If 3DO does
not extend the Offer, the new options will be granted on May 23, 2003.

      Only outstanding, unexercised options granted with exercise prices greater
than or equal to $5.76 per share may be tendered for exchange by eligible
persons.

      Eligible persons may only tender options for all or none of the
outstanding, unexercised shares subject to an individual option grant. You will
not be eligible to receive any additional option grants until May 23, 2003.

      As of October 21, 2002, options to purchase 2,750,694 shares of our common
stock were issued and outstanding. Of the total options issued and outstanding,
options to purchase approximately 2,480,080 of our shares, constituting
approximately 90% of the options outstanding, are eligible to be tendered in the
Offer.

      2.    Number of options; expiration date.

      If you elect to exchange an option that has an exercise price per share of
greater than or equal to $5.76 per share, you will receive a new option to
purchase a number of 3DO shares equal to the number of unexercised shares
subject to the old option you are tendering. These numbers are subject to
adjustments for any stock splits, stock dividends and similar events.

      The Expiration Date is 5:00 p.m., Pacific Time, on November 21, 2002,
unless and until we, in our sole discretion, have extended the period of time
during which the Offer will remain open, in which event the term "Expiration
Date" refers to the latest time and date at which the Offer, as so extended,
expires. See Section 15 of this Offer for a description of our rights to extend,
delay, terminate or amend the Offer.

      We will publish notice or otherwise inform you in writing if we:

            o     increase or decrease the amount of consideration offered for
                  the options, or

            o     increase or decrease in the number of options eligible to be
                  tendered in the Offer.

      If the Offer is scheduled to expire at any time earlier than the tenth
business day from, and including, the date that notice of any increase or
decrease of the kind described above is first published, sent or given in


OFFER                                 -12-
<PAGE>

                                                               Exhibit (a)(1)(i)

the manner specified in Section 15 of this Offer, we will extend the Offer so
that the Offer is open at least ten business days following the publication,
sending or giving of such notice.

      We will also notify you of any other material change in the information
contained in this Offer in the manner required by applicable law.

      For purposes of the Offer, a "business day" means any day other than a
Saturday, Sunday or United States federal holiday and consists of the time
period from 12:01 a.m. through 12:00 midnight, Eastern Time.

      3.    Purpose of the Offer.

      We issued the options outstanding to:

            o     provide our eligible persons with additional incentive and to
                  promote the success of our business,

            o     encourage our eligible persons to continue their employment
                  with us or continue providing consulting services to us, and

            o     align employee and stockholder interests.

      Many of our outstanding options, whether or not they are currently
exercisable, have exercise prices that are significantly higher than the current
market price of our shares. By making this offer to exchange certain outstanding
options for new options that will have an exercise price equal to the fair
market value of the shares on the grant date, we intend to provide our eligible
persons with the benefit of owning options that over time may have a greater
potential to increase in value, creating better performance and retention
incentives for eligible persons and thereby maximizing stockholder value.

      Except as otherwise disclosed in this Offer or in our filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, we presently have no plans or proposals that
relate to or would result in:

            o     any extraordinary transaction, such as a merger,
                  consolidation, reorganization or liquidation, involving us or
                  any of our material subsidiaries;

            o     any purchase, sale or transfer of a material amount of our
                  assets or any of our subsidiaries;

            o     any material change in our present dividend rate or policy, or
                  our indebtedness or capitalization;

            o     any change in our present Board of Directors or management,
                  including a change in the number or term of directors or to
                  fill any existing board vacancies or to change any executive
                  officer's material terms of employment;

            o     any other material change in our corporate structure or
                  business;


OFFER                                 -13-
<PAGE>

                                                               Exhibit (a)(1)(i)

            o     our common stock being delisted from a national securities
                  exchange or not being authorized for quotation in an automated
                  quotation system operated by a national securities
                  association;

            o     our common stock becoming eligible for termination of
                  registration pursuant to Section 12(g)(4) of the Securities
                  Exchange Act;

            o     the suspension of our obligation to file reports pursuant to
                  Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act;

            o     the acquisition by any person of an amount of our securities
                  or the disposition of an amount of any of our securities; or

            o     any change in our charter or bylaws, or any actions which may
                  impede the acquisition of control of us by any person.

      Neither 3DO nor 3DO's Board of Directors makes any recommendation as to
whether you should tender or not tender your options, nor have we authorized any
person to make any such recommendation. You are urged to evaluate carefully all
of the information in this Offer and to consult your own legal counsel and
financial and tax advisors. You must make an independent decision whether or not
to tender your options for exchange.

      4.    Procedures for tendering options.

      Proper Tender of Options.

      To validly tender your options through the Offer, you must, in accordance
with the terms of the Election Form, properly complete, execute and deliver the
Election Form to us via facsimile or hand delivery (e-mail is not sufficient)
to:

                              The 3DO Company
                              Attention: Gina Caruso
                              200 Cardinal Way
                              Redwood City, CA 94063
                              Ph: (650) 385-2654
                              Fax: (650) 385-3120

      We must receive all of the required documents before 5:00 p.m., Pacific
Time, on November 21, 2002, unless we extend the Offer period.

      The Election Form must be signed and dated and must specify:

            o     the name of the option holder who tendered the options,

            o     the grant number of all options to be tendered,


OFFER                                 -14-
<PAGE>

            o     the grant date of all options to be tendered,

            o     the exercise price of all options to be tendered, and

            o     the total number of unexercised option shares subject to each
                  option to be tendered.

      Except as described in the following sentences, the Election Form must be
executed by the option holder who tendered the options exactly as the option
holder's name appears on the option agreement or agreements evidencing the
options. If the option holder's name has legally been changed since the signing
of the option agreement, the option holder must submit proof of the legal name
change. If the signature is by an attorney-in-fact or another person acting in a
fiduciary or representative capacity, the signer's full title and proper
evidence of the authority of such person to act in that capacity must be
indicated on the Election Form.

      You may withdraw your tendered options at any time prior to the Expiration
Date, in accordance with Section 5 of this Offer. The delivery of all documents,
including Election Forms, any Notices to Withdraw from the Offer and any other
required documents, is at your risk. In all cases, you should allow sufficient
time to ensure timely delivery. We intend to confirm receipt of your Election
Form and any Notice to Withdraw from the Offer via e-mail within two business
days of receipt. If you do not receive confirmation of receipt, it is your
responsibility to ensure that we have received your Election Form and any Notice
to Withdraw from the Offer.

      Determination of Validity; Rejection of Options; Waiver of Defects; No
Obligation to Give Notice of Defects.

      We will determine, in our sole discretion, all questions as to the form of
documents and the validity, form, eligibility, including time of receipt, and
acceptance of any tender of options. Our determination of these matters will be
final and binding on all parties. We reserve the right to reject any or all
tenders of options that we determine are not in appropriate form or that we
determine are unlawful to accept. We also reserve the right to waive any of the
conditions of the Offer or any defect or irregularity in any tender of any
particular options or for any particular option holder. No tender of options
will be deemed to have been properly made until all defects or irregularities
have been cured by the tendering option holder or waived by us. Neither we nor
any other person is obligated to give notice of any defects or irregularities in
tenders, nor will anyone incur any liability for failure to give any notice.
This is a one-time offer, and we will strictly enforce the Offer period.

      Our Acceptance Constitutes an Agreement.

      Your tender of options pursuant to the procedures described above
constitutes your acceptance of the terms and conditions of the Offer. Our
acceptance for exchange of your options tendered by you through the Offer will
constitute a binding agreement between The 3DO Company and you in accordance
with the terms of the Offer and subject to the conditions of the Offer.

      Subject to our rights to extend, terminate and amend the Offer, discussed
in Section 15 of this Offer, we currently expect that we will accept promptly
after the expiration of the Offer all properly tendered options that have not
been validly withdrawn.


OFFER                                 -15-
<PAGE>

                                                               Exhibit (a)(1)(i)

      5.    Withdrawal rights and change of election.

      You may only withdraw your tendered options or change your election in
accordance with the provisions of this Section 5 of this Offer.

      You may withdraw your tendered options at any time before 5:00 p.m.,
Pacific Time, on November 21, 2002. If we extend the Offer beyond that time, you
may withdraw your tendered options at any time until the extended expiration of
the Offer.

      If we have not accepted your tendered options by 5:00 p.m., Pacific Time,
on November 21, 2002, you may withdraw your tendered options at any time
thereafter.

      To validly withdraw tendered options, you must deliver via facsimile or
hand delivery, in accordance with the procedures listed in Section 4, above, a
signed and dated Notice to Withdraw from the Offer, with the required
information, while you still have the right to withdraw the tendered options.

      To validly change your election regarding the tender of particular
options, you must deliver a new Election Form via facsimile or hand delivery, in
accordance with the procedures listed in Section 4, above.

      If you deliver a new Election Form that is properly signed and dated, it
will replace any previously submitted Election Form, which will be disregarded.
The new Election Form must be signed and dated and must specify:

            o     the name of the option holder who tendered the options,

            o     the grant number of all options tendered,

            o     the grant date of all options tendered,

            o     the exercise price of all options tendered, and

            o     the total number of unexercised option shares subject to each
                  option tendered.

      The Notice to Withdraw from the Offer and any new or amended Election Form
must be signed by the option holder who tendered the options to be withdrawn
exactly as the option holder's name appears on the option agreement or
agreements evidencing the options. In addition, if the option holder's name has
legally been changed since the signing of the option agreement, the option
holder must submit proof of the legal name change. If the signature is by an
attorney-in-fact or another person acting in a fiduciary or representative
capacity, the signer's full title and proper evidence of the authority of such
person to act in that capacity must be indicated on the notice of withdrawal or
the new election.

      You may not rescind any withdrawal. If you change your mind again, you
must re-tender those options before the Expiration Date by following the
procedures described in Section 4 of this Offer.

      Neither we nor any other person is obligated to give notice of any defects
or irregularities in any Notice to Withdraw from the Offer or any new or amended
Election Form, nor will anyone incur any liability for failure to give any
notice. We will determine, in our sole discretion, all questions as to the form
and


OFFER                                 -16-
<PAGE>

                                                               Exhibit (a)(1)(i)

validity, including time of receipt, of Notices to Withdraw from the Offer and
new or amended Election Forms. Our determination of these matters will be final
and binding.

      The delivery of all documents, including Election Forms any Notices to
Withdraw from the Offer, and any other required documents, is at your sole risk.
In all cases, you should allow sufficient time to ensure timely delivery. We
intend to confirm receipt of your Election Form and any Notice to Withdraw from
the Offer via e-mail within two business days of receipt. However, if you do not
receive confirmation of receipt, it is your responsibility to ensure that we
have received your Election Form and any Notice to Withdraw from the Offer.

      6.    Acceptance of options for exchange and issuance of new options.

      Upon the terms and conditions of the Offer and promptly following the
Expiration Date, we will accept for exchange and cancel eligible options
properly tendered for exchange and not withdrawn before the Expiration Date. If
your options are properly tendered by you for exchange and accepted by us, your
options will be cancelled as of the date of our acceptance, which will be
November 22, 2002. Our Board of Directors intends to grant the new options on
the New Option Grant Date. Promptly after the date we accept and cancel options
tendered for exchange, we will issue to you a Promise to Grant Stock Option(s),
which will evidence our binding commitment to grant stock options to you in
accordance with the terms of this Offer on the New Option Grant Date, provided
that you are either an employee of or providing services under contract to 3DO,
one of our subsidiaries or a successor entity on the date on which the grant is
made. We will defer any grant to you of other options, such as annual, bonus or
promotional options, until at least the grant date of your new options.

      It is possible that, prior to the grant of the new options, 3DO might be
acquired by another company. The Promise to Grant Stock Option(s) which we will
provide to you promptly after the cancellation of any options you tender for
exchange is a binding commitment, and any successor to 3DO will be legally
obligated by that commitment, subject to you meeting the conditions for
receiving a new option.

      If you are an eligible person residing in the United States who is an
employee of 3DO or one of our subsidiaries and meet the conditions for receiving
new options, your new option grant will be an incentive stock option to the
maximum extent permitted under U.S. tax laws on the date of the grant. If the
limit for incentive stock options is exceeded, then the remainder of your new
option grant will be granted as a nonstatutory stock option. All other eligible
persons who meet the conditions for receiving new options will receive
nonstatutory stock options.

      We will not accept partial tenders of an unexercised portion of an
eligible option grant. However, you may tender the remaining portion of an
option that you have partially exercised. Accordingly, eligible persons may
tender one or more of their option grants, but may only tender all of the
unexercised shares subject to that option or none of those shares.

      If 3DO is acquired by another company for stock, the acquiring company
would be obligated to grant you a new stock option on the New Option Grant Date
(assuming that 3DO does not extend the Offer), subject to you being either an
employee of or providing services under contract to 3DO, one of our subsidiaries
or to the successor entity on the date the new options are granted. Such a stock
option would be for the purchase of the acquiring company's stock (as opposed to
3DO's) and as a result, the number of shares subject to your new option would be
adjusted based on the exchange ratio that was used in the merger. Your


OFFER                                 -17-
<PAGE>

                                                               Exhibit (a)(1)(i)

new option to purchase such acquiring company's stock would have an exercise
price equal to the fair market value of the acquiring company's stock on the
grant date of the new options. If 3DO is acquired by another company solely for
cash, the treatment of the options would be similar to a stock acquisition,
however the number of shares subject to the new options that you would receive
would be based on the number of shares of the acquiring company's stock that you
would have been able to purchase if you had received the cash paid to 3DO's
stockholders for all of the shares subject to your cancelled options. If 3DO is
acquired by another company whose stock is not publicly traded, then any new
stock options granted by the private company would likely be exercisable for
stock that is not publicly traded and which would be difficult to sell.

      Within two business days of the receipt of your Election Form or your
Notice to Withdraw from the Offer, 3DO intends to e-mail a confirmation of
receipt. However, this is not by itself an acceptance of your options for
exchange. For purposes of the Offer, we will be deemed to have accepted options
for exchange that are validly tendered and not properly withdrawn as of the time
when we give oral or written notice to the option holders of our acceptance for
exchange of such options, which notice may be made by press release,
inter-office memorandum or e-mail.

      7.    Conditions of the Offer.

      Notwithstanding any other provision of the Offer, we will not be required
to accept any options tendered for exchange, and we may terminate or amend the
Offer, or postpone our acceptance and cancellation of any options tendered for
exchange, in each case, subject to Rule 13e-4(f)(5) under the Exchange Act, if
at any time on or after the Commencement Date, and prior to the Expiration Date,
any of the following events has occurred, or has been determined by us to have
occurred:

      o     there shall have been threatened or instituted or be pending any
            action, proceeding or litigation seeking to enjoin, make illegal or
            delay completion of the Offer or otherwise relating in any manner,
            to the Offer;

      o     any order, stay, judgment or decree is issued by any court,
            government, governmental authority or other regulatory or
            administrative authority and is in effect, or any statute, rule,
            regulation, governmental order or injunction shall have been
            proposed, enacted, enforced or deemed applicable to the Offer, any
            of which might restrain, prohibit or delay completion of the Offer
            or impair the contemplated benefits of the Offer to us;

      o     there shall have occurred:

            -     any general suspension of trading in, or limitation on prices
                  for, securities on any national securities exchange or in the
                  over-the-counter market in the United States;

            -     the declaration of a banking moratorium or any suspension of
                  payments in respect of banks in the United States;

            -     any limitation, whether or not mandatory, by any governmental,
                  regulatory or administrative agency or authority on, or any
                  event that, in our reasonable judgment, might affect the
                  extension of credit to us by banks or other lending
                  institutions in the United States;


OFFER                                 -18-
<PAGE>

                                                               Exhibit (a)(1)(i)

            -     in our reasonable judgment, any extraordinary or material
                  adverse change in U.S. financial markets generally, including,
                  without limitation, a decline of at least 10% in either the
                  Dow Jones Industrial Average, the Nasdaq Market Index or the
                  Standard & Poor's 500 Index from the date of commencement of
                  the Offer;

            -     the commencement of a war or other national or international
                  calamity directly or indirectly involving the United States,
                  which would reasonably be expected to affect materially or
                  adversely, or to delay materially, the completion of the
                  Offer; or

            -     if any of the situations described above existed at the time
                  of commencement of the Offer and that situation, in our
                  reasonable judgment, deteriorates materially after
                  commencement of the Offer;

      o     as the term "group" is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act:

            -     any person, entity or group acquires more than 5% of our
                  outstanding shares of common stock, other than a person,
                  entity or group which had publicly disclosed such ownership
                  with the SEC prior to the Commencement Date;

            -     any such person, entity or group which had publicly disclosed
                  such ownership prior to such date shall acquire additional
                  common stock constituting more than 2% of our outstanding
                  shares; or

            -     any new group shall have been formed that beneficially owns
                  more than 5% of our outstanding shares of common stock that in
                  our judgment in any such case, and regardless of the
                  circumstances, makes it inadvisable to proceed with the Offer
                  or with such acceptance for exchange of eligible options;

      o     there shall have occurred any change, development, clarification or
            position taken in generally accepted accounting standards that could
            or would require us to record for financial reporting purposes
            compensation expense against our earnings in connection with the
            Offer;

      o     a tender or exchange offer, other than this Offer by us, for some or
            all of our shares of outstanding common stock, or a merger,
            acquisition or other business combination proposal involving us,
            shall have been proposed, announced or made by another person or
            entity or shall have been publicly disclosed;

      o     any event or events occur that have resulted or may result, in our
            reasonable judgment, in an actual or threatened material adverse
            change in our business, financial condition, assets, income,
            operations, prospects or stock ownership; or

      o     any event or events occur that have resulted or may result, in our
            reasonable judgment, in a material impairment of the contemplated
            benefits of the Offer to us.

      If any of the above events occur, we may:

      o     terminate the Offer and promptly return all tendered eligible
            options to tendering holders;


OFFER                                 -19-
<PAGE>

                                                               Exhibit (a)(1)(i)

      o     complete and/or extend the Offer and, subject to your withdrawal
            rights, retain all tendered eligible options until the extended
            Offer expires;

      o     amend the terms of the Offer; or

      o     waive any unsatisfied condition and, subject to any requirement to
            extend the period of time during which the Offer is open, complete
            the Offer.

      The conditions to the Offer are for 3DO's benefit. We may assert them in
our sole discretion regardless of the circumstances giving rise to them before
the Expiration Date. We may waive them, in whole or in part, at any time and
from time to time prior to the Expiration Date, in our discretion, whether or
not we waive any other condition to the Offer. Our failure at any time to
exercise any of these rights will not be deemed a waiver of any such rights. The
waiver of any of these rights with respect to particular facts and circumstances
will not be deemed a waiver with respect to any other facts and circumstances.
Any determination we make concerning the events described in this Section 7 will
be final and binding upon all persons.

      8.    Price range of shares underlying the options.

      The shares underlying your options are currently traded on the Nasdaq
National Market under the symbol "THDO." The following table shows, for the
periods indicated, the high and low closing sales prices per share of our common
stock as reported by the Nasdaq National Market.

                                                               High         Low
                                                              ------      ------
Fiscal Year 2002
      Quarter ended September 30, 2002...............          $4.56       $1.07
      Quarter ended June 30, 2002....................          $9.52       $3.44

Fiscal Year 2001
      Quarter ended March 31, 2002...................         $16.80       $4.56
      Quarter ended December 31, 2001................         $21.44      $11.52
      Quarter ended September 30, 2001...............         $44.88      $15.84
      Quarter ended June 30, 2001....................         $58.24      $13.00

Fiscal Year 2000
      Quarter ended March 31, 2001...................         $27.00      $13.50
      Quarter ended December 31, 2000................         $52.00      $12.25
      Quarter ended September 30, 2000...............         $79.00      $49.50
      Quarter ended June 30, 2000....................         $68.00      $42.25

      The prices above reflect a 1-for-8 reverse stock split on August 22, 2002.
In addition, the price information is based on calendar quarter ends rather than
fiscal quarter ends.

      As of October 21, 2002, the last reported sale price during regular
trading hours of our common stock, as reported by the Nasdaq National Market,
was $1.11 per share.


OFFER                                 -20-
<PAGE>

                                                               Exhibit (a)(1)(i)

      We recommend that you evaluate current market quotes for our common stock,
among other factors, before deciding whether or not to tender any or all of your
eligible options.

      9.    Source and amount of consideration; terms of new options.

      Consideration.

      If we receive and accept tenders from eligible persons of all options
eligible to be tendered, subject to the terms and conditions of this Offer, we
will grant new options to purchase a total of approximately 2,480,080 shares of
common stock. The shares issuable upon exercise of these new options would equal
approximately 31% of the total shares of our common stock outstanding as of
October 21, 2002.

      Terms of New Options.

      For every new option granted, a new option agreement will be required to
be entered into between 3DO and each option holder who has tendered options in
the Offer. The terms and conditions of the new options may vary from the terms
and conditions of the options tendered for exchange, but generally will not
substantially and adversely affect the rights of option holders. If you are
granted two options in order to divide your new option into an incentive stock
option and a nonstatutory stock option, you will need to execute two option
agreements.

      Our statements in this Offer concerning our 2002 Stock Plan and the new
options are merely summaries. To receive a copy of our 2002 Stock Plan and the
form of option agreement, please contact:

                             The 3DO Company
                             Attention: Gina Caruso
                             200 Cardinal Way
                             Redwood City, CA 94063
                             Ph: (650) 385-2654
                             Fax: (650-385-3120

      We will promptly furnish you copies of these documents at our expense.

      Number and Type of Shares in Plan.

      The maximum number of shares reserved for issuance through the exercise of
options granted under our 2002 Stock Plan is 500,000 shares, plus an annual
increase to be added on April 1 of each year equal to the lesser of (i) 2% of
the outstanding shares on such date, (ii) 300,000 shares, or (iii) a lesser
number of shares determined by our Board of Directors. Our 2002 Stock Plan
permits the granting of incentive stock options and nonstatutory stock options.

      Administration.

      The 2002 Stock Plan is administered by the Board of Directors or a
committee appointed by the Board of Directors (the "Administrator"). Subject to
the other provisions of the Stock Plan, the Administrator has the power to
determine the terms and conditions of the options granted, including the
exercise price, the number of shares subject to the option and the
exercisability of the options.


OFFER                                 -21-
<PAGE>

                                                               Exhibit (a)(1)(i)

      Term.

      Options generally have a term of ten years. Incentive stock options
granted to an employee who, at the time the incentive stock option is granted,
owns stock representing more than 10% of the voting rights of all classes of
stock of 3DO or an affiliate company have a term of no more than five years.

      Termination.

      Unless your option agreement otherwise provides, your options will
terminate following the termination of your employment or consulting
relationship, unless the options are exercised within the time frame permitted
by your stock option agreement, which is typically within three months following
your termination. In the event that the termination of your employment or
consulting relationship is by reason of permanent or total disability or death,
you, or your executors, administrators, legatees or distributees of your estate,
may exercise any option held by you at the date of your termination, to the
extent that it was exercisable before such termination, generally within 12
months following your death or disability.

      Your option may terminate, together with our stock option plans and all
other outstanding options issued to other employees and consultants, following
the occurrence of certain corporate events, as described in "Adjustments Upon
Certain Events," below.

      Termination of Employment or Consulting Relationship Before the Date the
New Options are Granted.

      If you do not have an employment or consulting relationship with 3DO (or
one of our subsidiaries or a successor entity, as applicable) for any reason on
the date of grant of the new options, you will not receive any new options or
other consideration in exchange for your tendered options that have been
accepted by us for exchange. This means that if you quit for any reason, die, or
we terminate your employment or consulting arrangement, with or without cause or
notice, and you are not an employee or consultant on the date we grant the new
options, you will not receive anything for the options you tendered and we
cancelled. This Offer is not a guarantee of employment for any period of time.
Your employment or consulting relationship with 3DO (or one of our subsidiaries
or a successor entity, as applicable) may be terminated at any time by either
you or us, with or without cause or notice, subject to any employment or
consulting agreement you may have with 3DO (or one of our subsidiaries or a
successor entity, as applicable).

      Exercise Price.

      Generally, the Administrator determines the exercise price at the time the
option is granted. For all eligible persons, the exercise price per share for
the new options will equal the fair market value of our common stock on the date
of grant, as determined by the closing price reported by the Nasdaq National
Market on the date of grant.

      However, the exercise price may not be less than 110% of the closing price
per share reported on the Nasdaq National Market on the date of grant for
options intended to qualify as incentive stock options, granted to an employee
who, at the time the incentive stock option is granted, owns stock representing
more than 10% of the voting rights of all classes of stock of 3DO or an
affiliate company.

      We cannot predict the market price of the new options. Your new options
may have a higher exercise price than some or all of your current options.


OFFER                                 -22-
<PAGE>

                                                               Exhibit (a)(1)(i)

      Vesting and Exercise.

      Each stock option agreement specifies the term of the option and the date
when the option becomes exercisable. The New Options will have the same vesting
schedule as the Old Options, except that no options will vest during the period
between the Cancellation Date of the Old Options and the Grant Date of the New
Options. If you elect to cancel any grant of options some (or all) of which have
already vested prior to the Cancellation Date, then an equivalent number of the
new options granted to you on the New Option Grant Date will be deemed already
vested, while the remainder of the new options that are granted to you on the
New Option Grant Date will have the same vesting schedule as was applicable to
the unvested options that were part of the same option grant that you elected to
cancel; provided, however, no options will vest during the period between the
Cancellation Date of the option grant(s) that you elect to cancel and the New
Option Grant Date.

      For example, suppose you have (i) an option for 1,000 shares that was
granted in May 1997 with a 60-month vesting schedule and (ii) an option for
1,000 shares that was granted in January 2001 with a 48-month vesting schedule.

            o     The first option would be fully vested prior to cancellation.
                  The New Option would be fully vested as of the New Option
                  Grant Date, and all 1,000 shares would be exercisable as of
                  that date.

            o     The second option would be 22/48ths vested prior to
                  cancellation and vesting at the rate of 20.83 shares per
                  month. On the New Option Grant Date, the New Option would have
                  458 (22/48ths) vested options. The remaining 542 unvested
                  options would vest at the rate of 20.83 shares per month over
                  the next 26 months (June 23, 2003 through July 23, 2005).

       The vesting of any new options will cease if you are no longer an
employee or consultant of 3DO (or one of our subsidiaries or a successor entity,
as applicable).

      Adjustments Upon Certain Events.

      If 3DO is acquired by another company for stock after the expiration of
the Offer but before new options are granted pursuant to this Offer, the
acquiring company would be obligated to grant you a new stock option on the New
Option Grant Date (assuming that 3DO does not extend the Offer), subject to you
being an employee of or providing services under contract to 3DO, one of our
subsidiaries or the successor entity as of the date the new options are granted.
Such a stock option would be for the purchase of the acquiring company's stock
(as opposed to 3DO's) and as a result, the number of shares subject to your new
option would be adjusted based on the exchange ratio that was used in the
merger. The new options to purchase the acquiring company's stock would have an
exercise price equal to the fair market value of the acquiring company's stock
on the grant date of the new options. If 3DO is acquired by another company
solely for cash, the treatment of the options would be similar to a stock
acquisition, however the number of shares subject to the new options that you
would receive would be based on the number of shares of the acquiring company's
stock that you would have been able to purchase if you had received the cash
paid to 3DO's stockholders for all of the shares subject to your cancelled
options.

      Under the terms of the 1993 Incentive Stock Plan and the 2002 Stock Plan,
in the event there is a sale of all or substantially all of our assets, or if we
merge with or into another corporation, each outstanding


OFFER                                 -23-
<PAGE>

                                                               Exhibit (a)(1)(i)

option must be assumed or an equivalent option substituted for by the successor
corporation. The administrator may, in lieu of such assumption or substitution,
provide for the optionees to become fully vested in and have the right to
exercise such outstanding options. If an option becomes fully vested and
exercisable in the event of a merger or sale of assets, the administrator must
notify the optionee that the outstanding option is fully exercisable for a
period of fifteen days from the date of the notice, and the option or stock
purchase right will terminate upon the expiration of the fifteen day period.

      If there is a change in our capitalization, such as a stock split, reverse
stock split, stock dividend or other similar event, and the change results in an
increase or decrease in the number of issued shares without receipt of
consideration by us, an appropriate adjustment will be made to the price of each
option and the number of shares subject to each option.

      If 3DO liquidates or dissolves, your outstanding options will terminate
immediately prior to the consummation of the liquidation or dissolution. The
Administrator may, however, provide for the acceleration of the exercisability
of any outstanding option.

      Transferability of Options.

      New options, whether incentive stock options or nonstatutory stock
options, may not be transferred, other than by will or the laws of descent and
distribution. In the event of your death, options may be exercised by a person
who acquires the right to exercise the option by bequest or inheritance.

      Registration of Option Shares.

      All the shares issuable upon exercise of all new options to be granted by
3DO pursuant to this Offer will be registered under the Securities Act. Unless
you are one of our affiliates (for example, an executive officer, director or
major stockholder of 3DO), you will be able to sell shares received upon
exercise of an option free of any transfer restrictions under applicable U.S.
securities laws.

      10.   Information concerning The 3DO Company.

      Our principal executive offices are located at 200 Cardinal Way, Redwood
City, CA 94063, and our telephone number is (650) 385-3000. Questions regarding
the mechanics of this option exchange should be directed to Gina Caruso,
Director of Human Resources, The 3DO Company, telephone (650) 385-2654, or
e-mail gina.caruso@3do.com. For questions regarding the legal financial or tax
implications of this Offer, you should contact your own legal counsel and
financial and tax advisors.

      3DO develops, publishes and distributes interactive entertainment software
for personal computers, the Internet and advanced entertainment systems such as
the PlayStation(R)2 computer entertainment system, and the Nintendo GameCube(TM)
and Game Boy(R) Advance systems. 3DO has also been licensed to develop and
publish interactive entertainment products compatible with the Xbox(TM) video
game system from Microsoft Corp. We plan to continue to extend our popular
brands across multiple categories, or "genres," and platforms. Our software
products cover a variety of genres, including action, strategy, adventure/role
playing, sports and family entertainment.

      Please review our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
March 31, 2002 and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June
30, 2002, both of which are being delivered to eligible persons with this Offer,
for important financial and other information about us. Also, see "Additional


OFFER                                 -24-
<PAGE>

                                                               Exhibit (a)(1)(i)

information" in Section 17 of this Offer for instructions on how you can obtain
copies of our SEC filings, including filings that contain our financial
statements.

      11.   Interests of directors and officers; transactions and arrangements
            concerning the options.

      A list of our directors and executive officers is attached to this Offer
as Schedule A. As of October 21, 2002, options to purchase 1,175,501 of our
shares, which represented approximately 43% of the shares subject to all options
outstanding as of that date, were owned by certain of our directors and
executive officers, of which 1,066,751 are eligible to be tendered in the Offer.
Attached to this Offer as Schedule B is a table indicating the number and
percentage of options to purchase common stock owned by each of our directors
and executive officers as of October 21, 2002, which are eligible to be
tendered. To our knowledge, none of our executive officers or directors who are
eligible persons has yet indicated their intention to tender their options in
the Offer.

      In the sixty days prior to and including October 23, 2002, there were no
transactions involving options to purchase our common stock or in our common
stock by executive officers and directors of 3DO.

      12.   Status of options acquired by us in the Offer; accounting
            consequences of the Offer.

      Options we acquire through the Offer will be cancelled and the shares
subject to those options will be returned to the pool of shares available for
grants of options under our 2002 Stock Plan. To the extent the number of shares
subject to options cancelled pursuant to the Offer exceeds the number of shares
subject to the new options to be granted in connection with the Offer, the
excess shares will be available for future awards to employees, consultants and
other eligible plan participants without further stockholder action, except as
required by applicable law or the rules of the Nasdaq National Market or any
other securities quotation system or any stock exchange on which our shares are
then quoted or listed.

      We believe that we will not incur any employee compensation expense solely
as a result of the transactions contemplated by the Offer because:

            o     we will grant new options no earlier than the first business
                  day that is six months and one day after the date that we
                  cancel options tendered for exchange, and

            o     the exercise price of all new options will equal the fair
                  market value of the shares of common stock on the date we
                  grant the new options.

      13.   Legal matters; regulatory approvals.

      We are not aware of any license or regulatory permit that appears to be
material to our business that might be adversely affected by our exchange of
options and issuance of new options as contemplated by the Offer, or of any
approval or other action by any government or governmental, administrative or
regulatory authority or agency, domestic or foreign, that would be required for
the acquisition or ownership of our options as contemplated herein. Should any
such approval or other action be required, we intend to seek such approval or
take such other action. We cannot assure you that any such approval or other
action, if needed, could be obtained or what the conditions imposed in
connection with such approvals would entail or whether the failure to obtain any
such approval or other action would result in adverse consequences to our
business.


OFFER                                 -25-
<PAGE>

                                                               Exhibit (a)(1)(i)

Our obligation under the Offer to accept tendered options for exchange and to
issue new options for tendered options is subject to the conditions described in
Section 7 of this Offer.

      If we are prohibited by applicable laws, rules, regulations or policies
from granting new options on the New Option Grant Date, on which date we
currently expect to grant the new options, we will not grant any new options.
Such a prohibition could result from, among other things, changes in foreign or
domestic laws, SEC or other similar foreign securities regulatory authority's
rules, regulations or policies or Nasdaq National Market listing requirements or
if you move to a jurisdiction in which we are prohibited or prevented from
granting new options. We will use reasonable efforts to effect the grant, but if
the grant is prohibited throughout the period, we will not grant any new options
and you will not receive any other consideration for the options you tendered.

      14.   Material U. S. federal income tax consequences.

      The following is a general summary of the material U.S. federal income tax
consequences of the exchange of options pursuant to the Offer. This discussion
is based on the Internal Revenue Code, its legislative history, Treasury
Regulations thereunder and administrative and judicial interpretations thereof
as of the date of the Offer, all of which are subject to change, possibly on a
retroactive basis. This summary does not discuss all of the tax consequences
that may be relevant to you in light of your particular circumstances, nor is it
intended to be applicable in all respects to all categories of option holders.

      Option holders who exchange outstanding options for new options should not
be required to recognize income for federal income tax purposes at the time of
the exchange. We believe that the exchange will be treated as a non-taxable
exchange. We strongly advise all option holders considering exchanging their
options to meet with their own legal counsel and financial and tax advisors with
respect to the federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences of
participating in the Offer, as the tax consequences to you of participating in
the Offer are dependent on your individual tax circumstances.

      Incentive Stock Options.

      In general, under current law an option holder will not incur taxable
income upon the grant of an incentive stock option. In addition, an option
holder generally will not incur taxable income upon the exercise of an incentive
stock option. However, an option holder's alternative minimum taxable income
will be increased by the amount that the aggregate fair market value of the
shares underlying the option, which is generally determined as of the date of
exercise, exceeds the aggregate exercise price of the option. Except in the case
of an option holder's death or disability, if an option is exercised more than
three months after the option holder's termination of employment, the option
ceases to be treated as an incentive stock option and is subject to taxation
under the rules that apply to nonstatutory stock options.

      If an option holder sells the option shares acquired upon exercise of an
incentive stock option, the tax consequences of the disposition depend upon
whether the disposition is qualifying or disqualifying. The disposition of the
option shares is qualifying if it is made:

            o     at least two years after the date the incentive stock option
                  was granted, and

            o     at least one year after the date the incentive stock option
                  was exercised.


OFFER                                 -26-
<PAGE>

                                                               Exhibit (a)(1)(i)

      If the disposition of the option shares is qualifying, any excess of the
sale price of the option shares, over the exercise price of the option will be
treated as long-term capital gain taxable to the option holder at the time of
the sale. Any such capital gain will be taxed at the long-term capital gain rate
in effect at the time of sale.

      If the disposition is not qualifying, which we refer to as a
"disqualifying disposition," the excess of the fair market value of the option
shares on the date the option was exercised (or, if less, the amount realized on
the disposition of the shares), over the exercise price will be taxable income
to the option holder at the time of the disposition. Of that income, the amount
up to the excess of the fair market value of the shares at the time the option
was exercised over the exercise price will be ordinary income for income tax
purposes and the balance, if any, will be long-term or short-term capital gain,
depending upon whether or not the shares were sold more than one year after the
option was exercised.

      Unless an option holder engages in a disqualifying disposition, we will
not be entitled to a deduction with respect to an incentive stock option. If an
option holder engages in a disqualifying disposition, we will be entitled to a
deduction equal to the amount of compensation income taxable to the option
holder.

      If you tender incentive stock options and those options are accepted for
exchange, the new options will be granted as incentive stock options to the
maximum extent they qualify. For options to qualify as incentive stock options,
the value of shares subject to options that first become exercisable in any
calendar year cannot exceed $100,000, as determined using the option exercise
price. The excess value is deemed to be a nonstatutory stock option. You should
note that if the new options have a higher exercise price than some or all of
your current options, the new options may exceed the limit for incentive stock
options.

      Nonstatutory Stock Options.

      Under current law, an option holder will not incur taxable income upon the
grant of an option at fair market value on the date of the grant that is not
qualified as an incentive stock option, also referred to as a nonstatutory stock
option. However, when an option holder exercises the option, the difference
between the exercise price of the option, and the fair market value of the
shares subject to the option on the date of exercise will be compensation income
taxable to the option holder and is subject to withholding if the option holder
is an employee.

      We will be entitled to a deduction equal to the amount of compensation
income taxable to the option holder if we comply with eligible reporting
requirements.

      We recommend that you consult your own legal counsel and financial and tax
advisors, with respect to the federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences
of participating in the Offer, as the tax consequences to you of participating
in the Offer are dependent on your individual tax situation.

      15.   Extension of Offer; termination; amendment.

      We expressly reserve the right, in our sole discretion, at any time and
from time to time, and regardless of whether or not any event listed in Section
7 of this Offer has occurred or is deemed by us to have occurred, to extend the
period of time during which the Offer is open and thereby delay the acceptance
for exchange of any options by giving oral or written notice of such extension
to the option holders or making a public announcement thereof.


OFFER                                 -27-
<PAGE>

                                                               Exhibit (a)(1)(i)

      We also expressly reserve the right, in our reasonable judgment, prior to
the Expiration Date, to terminate or amend the Offer and to postpone our
acceptance and cancellation of any options tendered for exchange, regardless of
whether any event listed in Section 7 of this Offer has occurred or is deemed by
us to have occurred, by giving oral or written notice of such termination or
postponement to you or by making a public announcement thereof. Our reservation
of the right to delay our acceptance and cancellation of options tendered for
exchange is limited by Rule 13e-4(f)(5) under the Exchange Act, which requires
that we must pay the consideration offered or return the options tendered
promptly after termination or withdrawal of a tender offer.

      Subject to compliance with applicable law, we further reserve the right,
in our sole discretion, and regardless of whether any event listed in Section 7,
above, of this Offer has occurred or is deemed by us to have occurred, to amend
the Offer in any respect, including, without limitation, by decreasing or
increasing the consideration offered in the Offer to option holders or by
decreasing or increasing the number of options being sought in the Offer.

      Amendments to the Offer may be made at any time and from time to time by
publicly announcing the amendment or otherwise communicating the amendment in
writing to all eligible participants. In the case of an extension, the amendment
must be issued no later than 6:00 a.m., Pacific Time, on the next business day
after the last previously scheduled or announced expiration date. Any
announcement made through the Offer will be disseminated promptly to option
holders in a manner reasonably designated to inform option holders of the
change. Without limiting the manner in which we may choose to make a public
announcement, except as required by applicable law, we have no obligation to
publish, advertise or otherwise communicate any such public announcement other
than by disseminating a press release through a national wire service.

      If we materially change the terms of the Offer or the information
concerning the Offer, or if we waive a material condition of the Offer, we will
extend the Offer to the extent required by Rules 13e-4(d)(2) and 13e-4(e)(3)
under the Exchange Act. These rules require that the minimum period during which
an offer must remain open following material changes in the terms of the Offer
or information concerning the Offer, other than a change in price or a change in
percentage of securities sought, will depend on the facts and circumstances,
including the relative materiality of such terms or information.

      If we decide to take any of the following actions, we will publish notice
or otherwise inform you in writing of these actions:

            o     we increase or decrease the amount of consideration offered
                  for the options, or

            o     we increase or decrease the number of options eligible to be
                  tendered in the Offer.

      If the Offer is scheduled to expire at any time earlier than the tenth
(10th) business day from, and including, the date that notice of any increase or
decrease of the kind described above is first published, sent or given in the
manner specified in this Section, we will extend the Offer so that the Offer is
open at least ten (10) business days following the publication, sending or
giving of notice.

      For purposes of the Offer, a "business day" means any day other than a
Saturday, Sunday or U.S. federal holiday and consists of the time period from
12:01 a.m. through 12:00 midnight, Pacific Time.


OFFER                                 -28-
<PAGE>

                                                               Exhibit (a)(1)(i)

      16.   Fees and expenses.

      We will not pay any fees or commissions to any broker, dealer or other
person for soliciting tenders of options pursuant to this Offer.

      17.   Additional information.

      This Offer is part of a Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO that we have
filed with the SEC. This Offer does not contain all of the information contained
in the Schedule TO and the exhibits to the Schedule TO. We recommend that you
review the Schedule TO, including its exhibits, and the following materials that
we have filed with the SEC before making a decision on whether to tender your
options:

            1. 3DO's annual report on Form 10-K for our fiscal year ended March
31, 2002, filed with the SEC on July 1, 2002.

            2. 3DO's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for our fiscal quarter ended
June 30, 2002, filed with the SEC on August 14, 2002.

            3. Any document that we filed with the SEC under Sections 13(a),
13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act after the date of this Offer and before
the expiration of this Offer. Information in these filings will be deemed to be
incorporated by reference as of the date we make the filing.

      These filings, our other annual, quarterly and current reports, our proxy
statements and our other SEC filings may be examined, and copies may be
obtained, at the following SEC public reference rooms:

               450 Fifth Street, N.W.    500 West Madison Street
                      Room 1024                 Suite 1400
               Washington, D.C. 20549    Chicago, Illinois 60661

      You may obtain information on the operation of the public reference rooms
by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330.

      Our SEC filings are also available to the public on the SEC's Internet
site at http://www.sec.gov.

      Our common stock is quoted on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol
"THDO" and our SEC filings can be read at the following Nasdaq address:

                                Nasdaq Operations
                               1735 K Street, N.W.
                             Washington, D.C. 20006

      Each person to whom a copy of this Offer is delivered may obtain a copy of
any or all of the documents to which we have referred you, other than exhibits
to such documents (unless such exhibits are specifically incorporated by
reference into such documents), at no cost, by writing to us or telephoning the
individual listed in Section 4.


OFFER                                 -29-
<PAGE>

                                                               Exhibit (a)(1)(i)

      As you read the foregoing documents, you may find some inconsistencies in
information from one document to another. If you find inconsistencies between
the documents, or between a document and this Offer, you should rely on the
statements made in the most recent document.

      The information contained in this Offer about 3DO should be read together
with the information contained in the documents to which we have referred you,
in making your decision as to whether or not to participate in this Offer.

      18.   Financial information.

      Please review our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
March 31, 2002, and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June
30, 2002, both of which are being delivered to eligible persons with this Offer
for important financial and other information about us. Also, see "Additional
Information" in Section 17 of this Offer for instructions on how you can obtain
copies of our SEC filings, including filings that contain our financial
statements.

      19.   Miscellaneous.

      This Offer and our SEC reports referred to above include "forward-looking
statements." When used in this Offer, the words "anticipate," "believe,"
"estimate," "expect," "intend" and "plan" as they relate to 3DO or our
management are intended to identify these forward-looking statements. All
statements by us regarding our expected future financial position and operating
results, our business strategy, our financing plans and expected capital
requirements, forecasted trends relating to our services or the markets in which
we operate and similar matters are forward-looking statements. The documents we
file with the SEC discuss some of the risks that could cause our actual results
to differ from those contained or implied in the forward-looking statements.
These risks include, but are not limited, to the risk factors set forth under
the heading entitled "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about market
Risk" in 3DO's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30,
2002.

      We are not aware of any jurisdiction where the making of the Offer is not
in compliance with applicable law. If we become aware of any jurisdiction where
the making of the Offer is not in compliance with any valid applicable law,
rule, regulation or policy, we will make a good faith effort to comply with such
law. If, after such good faith effort, we cannot comply with such law, the Offer
will not be made to, nor will tenders be accepted from or on behalf of, the
option holders residing in such jurisdiction.


OFFER                                 -30-
<PAGE>

                                                               Exhibit (a)(1)(i)

                                   SCHEDULE A

    INFORMATION CONCERNING THE DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND OTHER SENIOR
                           OFFICERS OF THE 3DO COMPANY

      The executive officers, directors and certain other senior officers of The
3DO Company and their positions as of October 21, 2002 are set forth in the
following table:

         Name                                      Position
- -----------------------          -----------------------------------------------

William A. Hall                  Director

William M. Hawkins III*          Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer

H. William Jesse, Jr.            Director

Richard S. F. Lehrberg           Director

Dominic Wheatley                 Chairman of the Board, 3DO Europe Limited

James Alan Cook*                 Executive Vice President & General Counsel

William H. Dully*                Chief Operating Officer

Richard A. Gelhaus*              Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer

Paul Grace*                      Senior Vice President, Product Development

* Corporate officer

      The address of each executive officer and director is: c/o The 3DO
Company, 200 Cardinal Way, Redwood City, CA 94063.


OFFER                                 -31-
<PAGE>

                                                               Exhibit (a)(1)(i)

                                   SCHEDULE B

      The following table sets forth certain information regarding ownership of
eligible options as of October 21, 2002 by (i) each of our directors and (ii)
each of our executive officers.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Directors & Officers       Total Eligible Options   % of Eligible Options Outstanding
- --------------------       ----------------------   ---------------------------------
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                               <C>                              <C>
William A. Hall                      None                             0%
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

William M. Hawkins III            703,126                          25.7%
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

H. William Jesse, Jr.                None                             0%
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Richard S. F. Lehrberg               None                             0%
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Dominic Wheatley                     None                             0%
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

James Alan Cook                   177,375                           6.5%
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

William H. Dully                   62,500                           2.3%
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Richard A. Gelhaus                 37,500                           1.4%
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Paul Grace                         86,250                           3.2%
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


OFFER                                 -32-

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex-a1ii.txt
<TEXT>

                                                              EXHIBIT (a)(1)(ii)

FORM OF MEMORANDUM TO ELIGIBLE HOLDERS OF STOCK OPTIONS SENT ON October 23, 2002

      I am pleased to announce that the Board of Directors of The 3DO Company
("3DO," we" or "our") approved a Voluntary Stock Option Exchange Program (the
"Exchange Program") that began today in which 3DO is offering eligible persons
the opportunity to exchange certain outstanding, unexercised stock options to
purchase shares of 3DO common stock. Our Board decided to offer the Exchange
Program because stock options continue to be an important component of our total
compensation program, and because the Board is seeking to address the fact that
some of the outstanding options granted in the past years have exercise prices
significantly higher than the current market price of 3DO shares.

      In a subsequent email, you will receive documents related to the Exchange
Program dated October 23, 2002, including the Offer to Exchange Certain
Outstanding Options for New Options, which details the terms and conditions of
the Exchange; the Election Form for tendering Old Options; the Notice to
Withdraw from the Offer; copies of our 1993 Incentive Stock Plan and our 2002
Option Plan; and our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q. These documents will also be posted on Express. We strongly urge
you to read all of these materials carefully and consider the risks associated
with participating or not participating in the Exchange Program before making
your decision.

      You have previously received an invitation to meet with me regarding
compensation, and I will present the Exchange Program at that time. I encourage
you to attend.

      We thank you for your continued dedication and contributions to 3DO.

      Trip Hawkins, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of
Directors

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex-a1iii.txt
<TEXT>

                                                             Exhibit (a)(1)(iii)

|_|   Please check the box if this Election Form is intended to amend and
      replace an Election Form that you previously submitted.

                                 THE 3DO COMPANY
                     VOLUNTARY STOCK OPTION EXCHANGE PROGRAM
                                  ELECTION FORM

      (Use this Election Form (i) to elect to participate in the stock option
exchange program or (ii) to change your previous election with respect to
particular options.)

To The 3DO Company ("3DO"):

      I have received 3DO's Offer to Exchange Certain Outstanding Options for
New Options dated October 23, 2002 (the "Offer"), to all holders of stock
options eligible to be tendered pursuant to the Offer, except non-employee
members of the Board of Directors of 3DO and its subsidiaries. By completing and
submitting this Election Form in accordance with the instructions attached
hereto prior to 5:00 p.m., Pacific Daylight Time, on November 21, 2002 (the
"Expiration Date"), I elect to tender one or more of my options eligible to be
tendered pursuant to the Offer (the "Eligible Options").

      By signing below, I acknowledge that:

      (a) Any Eligible Options tendered by me on this Election Form are tendered
subject to the terms and conditions of the Offer, a copy of which I acknowledge
having received and read in full.

      (b) 3DO's acceptance for exchange of Eligible Options tendered pursuant to
the Offer will constitute a binding agreement between 3DO and me upon the terms
and subject to the conditions of the Offer. All authority in this Election Form
will survive my death or incapacity, and all of my obligations in this Election
Form will be binding upon my heirs, personal representatives, successors and
assigns.

      (c) If 3DO accepts my Eligible Options for exchange and cancels them, I
acknowledge that I will have no right, title or interest to my tendered Eligible
Option(s) and this Election Form will serve as an amendment to the option
agreement(s) covering the Eligible Option(s) that I tendered and those option
agreement(s) shall be void and of no further effect.

      (d) I understand that I must be either an employee of or providing
services under contract to 3DO, one of 3DO's subsidiaries or a successor entity
and otherwise be eligible to receive option grants under the 2002 Stock Plan on
the date the new options are granted in order to receive new options. I also
understand that my employment or consulting relationship with 3DO (or one of
3DO's subsidiaries or a successor entity, as applicable) may be terminated at
any time by either 3DO or me, with or without cause or notice, subject to the
laws of the country where I work and any employment or consulting agreement I
may have with 3DO (or one of 3DO's subsidiaries or a successor entity, as
applicable).

      (e) I recognize that as set forth in Section 16 of the Offer to Exchange,
3DO may terminate or amend the Offer and reject or postpone its acceptance and
cancellation of any Eligible Options tendered for exchange.

      (f) 3DO has advised me to consult with my own financial and tax advisors
before deciding whether or not to participate in the Offer.

      (g) I have received and read the instructions attached to this form and by
signing this Election Form, I agree to be bound by the additional terms and
conditions set forth in the instructions attached hereto.

      (h) I have agreed to tender all stock options that I received from 3DO
between April 23, 2002, and the Expiration Date.


ELECTION FORM                          -1-
<PAGE>

      I would like to participate in the Offer as indicated below. I noted below
the grant number, grant date, exercise price and total number of unexercised
shares subject to each Eligible Option with respect to which I agree to have
such Eligible Option cancelled and replaced pursuant to the terms and conditions
of this Election Form and the Offer.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                            Total Number of Unexercised Shares
                             Exercise      Subject to the Option (Shares to Be
Grant Number    Grant Date     Price                    Cancelled)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

      All questions as to the number of shares subject to Eligible Options to be
accepted for exchange, and the validity, form, eligibility (including time of
receipt) and acceptance for exchange of any tender of Eligible Options will be
determined by 3DO in its sole discretion.

      I understand that if I tender any options for exchange, then I must tender
all options that have been granted to me from April 23, 2002, through the
Cancellation Date.

      I understand that any of these options that are accepted will be cancelled
by 3DO unless prior to 9:00 p.m., Pacific Daylight Time, on November 21, 2002
(or a later Expiration Date if 3DO extends the Offer), (i) I submit a new
Election Form or a Notice to Withdraw from the Offer that is properly completed
and has a date later than the date of this Election Form or (ii) 3DO terminates
the Offer.

__________________________           ___________________________________________
Signature                            National Insurance/Social Security/Social
                                     Insurance/National ID/Tax File Number

__________________________           __________________        _________________
Name (Please Print)                  Date and Time             E-mail Address

___________________________________________________
Home or Work Address

This Election Form must be received either via hand delivery or fax (e-mail is
not sufficient) by 5:00 .m., Pacific Daylight Time, on November 21, 2002, or if
the Offer is extended, prior to the extended expiration of the Offer by:

The 3DO Company, Human Resources Department, Attention: Gina Caruso, 200
Cardinal Way, Redwood City, California 94063, phone: (650) 385-2654, fax: (650)
385-3120.


                                       -2-
<PAGE>

                                                             Exhibit (a)(1)(iii)

                        INSTRUCTIONS TO THE ELECTION FORM

              FORMING PART OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER

      1. Delivery of Election Form. A properly completed and executed original
of the Election Form (or a faxed copy of it), and any other documents required
by the Election Form, must be received either via hand delivery or fax (e-mail
is not sufficient) by 5:00 p.m., Pacific Time, on November 21, 2002 the
"Expiration Date"), or if the Offer is extended, prior to the extended
expiration of the Offer by:

      The 3DO Company
      Human Resources Department
      Attention: Gina Caruso
      200 Cardinal Way
      Redwood City, California 94063
      Ph: (650) 385-3000
      Fax: (650) 385-3120

      The method by which you deliver any required documents (including the
Election Form) is at your option and risk, and the delivery will be deemed made
only when actually received by 3DO at the address or fax number listed above. In
all cases, you should allow sufficient time to ensure timely delivery. We intend
to e-mail a confirmation of receipt of your Election Form within two business
days of receipt. If you have not received a confirmation of receipt, it is your
responsibility to ensure that your Election Form has been received by us.

      2. Change of Election / Withdrawals of Tendered Options. You may change
your election or withdraw from participation at any time before the Expiration
Date. If 3DO extends the Offer beyond that time, you may change or withdraw your
election until the extended expiration of the Offer. To change your election and
still participate, you must deliver a new signed Election Form which is clearly
dated after your previously submitted Election Form. Upon the receipt of such a
new, properly signed and dated Election Form, 3DO will disregard any previously
submitted Election Form. To withdraw all tendered options submitted for
exchange, you must deliver a signed and dated (including the time) Notice to
Withdraw from the Offer with the required information to 3DO while you still
have the right to withdraw the tendered options. You may not rescind a
withdrawal and you will be deemed not to have tendered any Eligible Options you
have withdrawn unless you properly re-tender them before the Expiration Date by
delivery of a new Election Form following the procedures described in these
instructions.

      3DO will not accept any alternative, conditional or contingent tenders.
All tendering option holders, by signing the Election Form (or a faxed copy of
it), waive any right to receive any notice of the acceptance of their tender,
except as provided for in the Offer to Exchange.

      3. Inadequate Space. If the space provided in the Election Form is
inadequate, the information requested by the table on the Election Form
regarding the options to be tendered should be provided on a separate schedule
attached to the Election Form. Print your name on the schedule, sign and date
it.

      4. Tenders. If you intend to tender options through the Offer, you must
complete the table on the Election Form by providing the following information
for each option that you intend to tender: (i) grant number (the grant number is
the Grant Number on your Optionee Stock Option Agreement and Option Summary),
(ii) grant date, (iii) exercise price, and (iv) the total number of unexercised
shares subject to the option.


INSTRUCTIONS TO THE ELECTION FORM      -1-
<PAGE>

                                                             Exhibit (a)(1)(iii)

      If you decide to tender any of your options for exchange, then you must
tender all of your options that were granted to you from April 23, 2002, until
the Cancellation Date. For example, if you received an option grant in January
2002 and a grant in September 2002 and you wish to tender your January 2002
option grant, you also are required to tender your September 2002 option grant
if you wish to participate in the Offer.

      5. Signatures on the Election Form. If the Election Form is signed by the
holder of the Eligible Options, the signature must correspond with the name as
written on the face of the option agreement or agreements to which the options
are subject without alteration, enlargement or any change whatsoever. If your
name has been legally changed since your option agreement was signed, please
submit proof of the legal name change. If the Election Form is signed by an
attorney-in-fact, or other person acting in a fiduciary or representative
capacity, that person should so indicate when signing, and proper evidence
satisfactory to 3DO of the authority of that person so to act must be submitted
with the Election Form.

      6. Other Information on the Election Form. In addition to signing the
Election Form, you must print your name and indicate the date and time at which
you signed it. You must also include a current e-mail address, work or home
address and your identification number, such as your social security number, tax
identification number or national identification number, as appropriate.

      7. Requests for Assistance or Additional Copies. Questions regarding the
mechanics of the Offer or requests for copies of the relevant documents should
be directed to Gina Caruso, Director of Human Resources, The 3DO Company,
telephone (650) 385-2654, or e-mail gina.caruso@.com. Copies will be furnished
promptly at 3DO's expense. For questions regarding the financial or tax
implications of the Offer, you should contact your own financial and tax
advisors. Information regarding the status of each of your existing stock
options may be obtained by logging on to E*Trade OptionsLink at
www.optionslink.com to find a listing of each option grant, including the grant
date, grant number, the grant price, the number of shares granted, the number of
vested shares, the number of exercisable shares, and the vesting schedule; or
you may request a summary of your options by contacting Gina Caruso.

      8. Irregularities. All questions as to the number of shares subject to
Eligible Options to be accepted for exchange, and the validity, form,
eligibility (including time of receipt) and acceptance for exchange of any
tender of options will be determined by 3DO in its sole discretion. 3DO's
determinations shall be final and binding on all parties. 3DO reserves the right
to reject any or all tenders of options 3DO determines not to be in proper form
or the acceptance of which may, in the opinion of 3DO's counsel, be unlawful.
3DO also reserves the right to waive any of the conditions of the Offer and any
defect or irregularity in the tender of any particular options, and 3DO's
interpretation of the terms of the Offer (including these instructions) will be
final and binding on all parties. No tender of Eligible Options will be deemed
to be properly made until all defects and irregularities have been cured or
waived. Unless waived, any defects or irregularities in connection with tenders
must be cured within such time as 3DO shall determine. Neither 3DO nor any other
person is or will be obligated to give notice of any defects or irregularities
in tenders, and no person will incur any liability for failure to give any such
notice.

      9. Important Tax Information. You should refer to Section 14 of the Offer
to Exchange, which contains important U.S. federal income tax information.

      10. Miscellaneous.

            A. Data Privacy. By accepting the Offer, you hereby explicitly and
unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or
other form, of your personal data as described in this document by and among, as
applicable, 3DO or any of its affiliates for the exclusive purpose of
implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Offer.


INSTRUCTIONS TO THE ELECTION FORM      -2-
<PAGE>

                                                             Exhibit (a)(1)(iii)

      You understand that 3DO or any of its affiliates may hold certain personal
information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address
and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other
identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of stock or
directorships held in 3DO, details of all options or any other entitlement to
shares of stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in
your favor, for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing the
stock option plan and this Offer ("Data"). You understand that Data may be
transferred to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration
and management of this Offer and the grant of any new options, that these
recipients may be located in your country, or elsewhere, and that the
recipient's country may have different data privacy laws and protections than in
your country. You authorize the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain,
record and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of
implementing, administering and managing your participation in the stock option
plans and this Offer and 3DO or any of its affiliates may retain such
information in your file. You understand that Data will be held only as long as
is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the stock
option plans and this Offer. You understand that you may, at any time, view
Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data,
require any necessary amendments to Data or withdraw the consents herein by
contacting in writing your local human resources representative. You understand
that withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to participate in this Offer
and exercise or realize benefits from the stock option plans.

            B. Acknowledgement and Waiver. By accepting this Offer, you further
acknowledge that: (i) your acceptance of the Offer is voluntary; (ii) the Offer,
the Eligible Options and any new options granted to you are outside the scope of
your employment contract, if any, and are not part of normal or expected
compensation or salary for any purposes, including, but not limited to,
calculating any severance, resignation, redundancy, end of service payments,
bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits or similar
payments; (iii) the future value of the shares underlying any new options
granted to you is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty; (iv) if the
shares underlying any new options granted to you do not increase in value, the
new options will have no value; and (v) no claim or entitlement to compensation
or damages arises from the termination of the Eligible Options or diminution in
value of any new options or shares purchased through the exercise of any new
options, and you irrevocably release 3DO and any of its subsidiaries and
affiliates from any such claim that may arise.

      Important: The Election Form (or a faxed copy of it) together with all
other required documents must be received in accordance with the instructions by
3DO by 5:00 p.m., Pacific Daylight Time, on November 21, 2002.


INSTRUCTIONS TO THE ELECTION FORM      -3-

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex-a1iv.txt
<TEXT>

                                                              Exhibit (a)(1)(iv)

                                 THE 3DO COMPANY
                     VOLUNTARY STOCK OPTION EXCHANGE PROGRAM
                        NOTICE TO WITHDRAW FROM THE OFFER

      (This form should only be used if you wish to withdraw all your tendered
options from the Offer to Exchange. If you wish to change your election with
respect only to particular options, you should submit a new Election Form
instead.)

      I previously received a copy of The 3DO Company's ("3DO") Offer to
Exchange Certain Outstanding Options for New Options dated October 23, 2002 (the
"Offer") and the Election Form. I signed, dated and returned the Election Form
in which I elected to accept 3DO's Offer. I now wish to change my previous
election, reject 3DO's Offer and not surrender any of my options for exchange. I
have read all of the terms and conditions of the Offer, including the
consequences of withdrawing.

      I understand that in order to withdraw my acceptance of the Offer, I must
sign, date and deliver this Notice to Withdraw from the Offer (the "Notice to
Withdraw") via fax or hand delivery (e-mail is not sufficient) for receipt by
5:00 p.m., Pacific Time, on November 21, 2002 (the "Expiration Date"), or if 3DO
extends the Offer, the extended expiration of the Offer, to:

      The 3DO Company
      Human Resources Department
      Attention: Gina Caruso
      200 Cardinal Way
      Redwood City, California 94063
      Ph: (650) 385-2654
      Fax: (650) 385-3120

      I understand that by withdrawing my acceptance of the Offer, I will not
receive any new options pursuant to the Offer and I will keep the options that I
have. These existing options will continue to be governed by the stock option
plans under which they were granted and by the existing option agreements
between 3DO and me.

      I understand that I may change this election, and once again accept the
Offer, by submitting a new Election Form in accordance with the instructions in
the Election Form for receipt by 5:00 p.m., Pacific Time, on November 21, 2002.

      I have received and read the instructions attached to this Notice to
Withdraw and by signing this Notice to Withdraw, I understand that I am bound by
the additional terms and conditions set forth in the instructions attached
hereto. I have signed this Notice to Withdraw and printed my name exactly as it
appears on the Election Form.

      I do not accept the Offer to exchange any of my options.

__________________________         _____________________________________________
Signature                          National Insurance/ Social Security/
                                   Social Insurance/National ID/Tax File Number

__________________________         __________________      _____________________
Name (Please Print)                Date and Time           E-mail Address

______________________________________________
Home or Work Address


NOTICE TO WITHDRAW FROM THE OFFER
<PAGE>

                                                              Exhibit (a)(1)(iv)

              INSTRUCTIONS TO THE NOTICE TO WITHDRAW FROM THE OFFER
              FORMING PART OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER

      1. Delivery of Notice to Withdraw from the Offer. A properly completed and
executed original of the Notice to Withdraw (or a faxed copy of it), and any
other documents required by the Notice to Withdraw, must be received by 3DO
either via hand delivery or fax (e-mail is not sufficient) by 5:00 p.m., Pacific
Time, on the Expiration Date, or if the Offer is extended, before the extended
expiration of the Offer, by the persons noted on the front page of the Notice to
Withdraw.

      The method by which you deliver any required documents is at your option
and risk, and the delivery will be deemed made only when actually received by
3DO at the address or fax number listed above. In all cases, you should allow
sufficient time to ensure timely delivery. We intend to confirm the receipt of
your Notice to Withdraw within two business days. If you have not received such
a confirmation of receipt, it is your responsibility to ensure that your Notice
to Withdraw has been received by us.

      Although by submitting the Notice to Withdraw, you have withdrawn your
tendered options from the Offer, you may change your mind and re-accept the
Offer until the Expiration Date. If the Offer is extended by 3DO beyond such
time, you may tender your options at any time until the extended expiration of
the Offer. To change your mind and elect to participate in the Offer, you must
deliver a new signed and dated Election Form (or a faxed copy of the Election
Form) with the required information to 3DO, while you still have the right to
participate in the Offer. Your options will not be properly tendered for
purposes of the Offer unless the withdrawn options are properly re-tendered
before the Expiration Date by delivery of the new Election Form following the
procedures described in the Instructions to the Election Form.

      If you do not wish to withdraw all your tendered options from the Offer,
you should not fill out the Notice to Withdraw. If you wish to change your
election with respect only to particular options, you should submit a new
Election Form instead. To change your election regarding particular tendered
options while continuing to elect to participate in the Offer, you must deliver
a new signed and dated Election Form, with the required information, following
the procedures described in the Instructions to the Election Form before the
Expiration Date or, if the Offer is extended, before the extended expiration of
the Offer. Upon the receipt of a new, properly signed and dated Election Form,
any previously submitted Election Form or Notice to Withdraw will be disregarded
and will be considered replaced in full by the new Election Form.

      By signing the Notice to Withdraw (or a faxed copy of it), you waive any
right to receive any notice of the withdrawal of the tender of your options.

      2. Signatures on The Notice to Withdraw from the Offer. If the Notice to
Withdraw is signed by the holder of the eligible options, the signature must
correspond with the name as written on the face of the option agreement or
agreements to which the options are subject without alteration, enlargement or
any change whatsoever. If your name has been legally changed since your option
agreement was signed, please submit proof of the legal name change. If the
Notice to Withdraw is signed by an attorney-in-fact or other person acting in a
fiduciary or representative capacity, that person should so indicate when
signing, and proper evidence satisfactory to 3DO of the authority of that person
so to act must be submitted with the Notice to Withdraw.

      3. Other Information on The Notice to Withdraw from the Offer. In addition
to signing the Notice to Withdraw, you must print your name and indicate the
date and time at which you signed. You must also include a current e-mail
address, home or work address and your identification number, such as your
social security number, tax identification number or national identification
number, as appropriate.


INSTRUCTIONS TO THE NOTICE TO WITHDRAW FROM THE OFFER                          1
<PAGE>

                                                              Exhibit (a)(1)(iv)

      4. Requests for Assistance or Additional Copies. Questions regarding the
mechanics of the Offer or requests for copies of the relevant documents should
be directed to Gina Caruso, Director of Human Resources, The 3DO Company,
telephone (650) 385-2654, or e-mail gina.caruso@3DO.com. For questions regarding
the financial or tax implications of the Offer, you should contact your own
financial and tax advisors. Copies will be furnished promptly at 3DO's expense.

      5. Irregularities. All questions as to the validity, form, eligibility
(including time of receipt) and acceptance of the Notice to Withdraw from the
Offer will be determined by 3DO in its sole discretion. 3DO's determinations
shall be final and binding on all parties. 3DO reserves the right to reject any
or all Notices to Withdraw that 3DO determines not to be in proper form or the
acceptance of which may, in the opinion of 3DO's counsel, be unlawful. 3DO also
reserves the right to waive any of the conditions of the Offer and any defect or
irregularity in the Notice to Withdraw, and 3DO's interpretation of the terms of
the Offer (including these instructions) will be final and binding on all
parties. No Notice to Withdraw will be deemed to be properly made until all
defects and irregularities have been cured or waived. Unless waived, any defects
or irregularities in connection with Notices to Withdraw must be cured within
the time as 3DO shall determine. Neither 3DO nor any other person is or will be
obligated to give notice of any defects or irregularities in Notices to
Withdraw, and no person will incur any liability for failure to give any such
notice.

      Important: The Notice to Withdraw (or a faxed copy of it) together with
all other required documents must be received by 3DO on or before the Expiration
Date.


INSTRUCTIONS TO THE NOTICE TO WITHDRAW FROM THE OFFER                          2

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex-a1v.txt
<TEXT>

                                                               Exhibit (a)(1)(v)
                                 THE 3DO COMPANY
                     VOLUNTARY STOCK OPTION EXCHANGE PROGRAM
                        PROMISE TO GRANT STOCK OPTION(S)

      In exchange for your agreement to cancel a stock option(s) covering
_______ shares of common stock granted by The 3DO Company ("3DO"), 3DO hereby
promises to grant you a stock option(s) covering _________ shares of 3DO's
common stock (as may be adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends and similar
events and as provided below) on May 23, 2003 (the "New Option(s)"). The
exercise price of the New Option(s) will be the closing price of 3DO's common
stock as listed on the Nasdaq National Market on the date of grant of the New
Option(s).

      The New Options will have the same vesting schedule as the Old Options,
except that no options will vest during the period between the Cancellation Date
of the Old Options and the Grant Date of the New Options. If you elect to cancel
any grant of options some (or all) of which have already vested prior to the
Cancellation Date, then an equivalent number of the new options granted to you
on the New Option Grant Date will be deemed already vested, while the remainder
of the new options that are granted to you on the New Option Grant Date will
have the same vesting schedule as was applicable to the unvested options that
were part of the same option grant that you elected to cancel; provided,
however, no options will vest during the period between the Cancellation Date of
the option grant(s) that you elect to cancel and the New Option Grant Date. If
you (i) are an employee of 3DO or one of its subsidiaries, (ii) are a resident
of the United States and (iii) meet the conditions for receiving the New
Option(s), you will be granted incentive stock options to the maximum extent
possible. However, a portion of the New Option(s) that you receive may exceed
limits on incentive stock options and, in such case, the above grant(s) will be
split between incentive stock options and nonstatutory stock options.

      The New Option(s) will otherwise be subject to:

      o     the standard terms and conditions under The 3DO Company 2002 Stock
            Plan; and

      o     a new option agreement between 3DO and you.

      Prior to the grant of the New Option(s), it is possible that 3DO might be
acquired by another company. This Promise to Grant Stock Option(s) is evidence
of a binding commitment that 3DO's successors must honor and, accordingly, in
the event of any such acquisition, the acquirer would be subject to this promise
to grant you a New Option. The New Option(s) would be for the purchase of the
acquirer's stock (as opposed to 3DO's), with an exercise price equal to the fair
market value of such acquirer's stock on the date of grant of the New Option(s),
and would be unaffected by the acquirer's treatment of 3DO's existing stock
option plans. In such case, the number of shares subject to the New Option(s)
would be appropriately adjusted.

      In order to receive the New Option(s), you must be either an employee of
or providing services under contract to 3DO, one of its subsidiaries or a
successor entity on the date the New Option(s) are granted. Accordingly, if you
do not have an employment or consulting relationship with 3DO (or one of its
subsidiaries or a successor entity, as applicable) for any reason on the date of
grant of the New Option(s), you will not receive any New Option(s) or other
consideration for your tendered options that have been accepted by 3DO for
exchange. Your employment or consulting relationship with 3DO (or one of its
subsidiaries or a successor entity, as applicable) may be terminated at any time
by either you or 3DO, with or without cause or notice, subject to the laws of
the country where you work and any employment or consulting agreement you may
have with 3DO (or one of its subsidiaries or a successor entity, as applicable).


PROMISE TO GRANT STOCK OPTION(S)       -1-
<PAGE>

                                                               Exhibit (a)(1)(v)

      This Promise to Grant Stock Option(s) is subject to the terms and
conditions of the Offer to Exchange Certain Outstanding Options for New
Option(s) dated October 23, 2002 and the Election Form previously completed and
submitted by you to 3DO, both of which are incorporated herein by reference.
These documents reflect the entire agreement between you and 3DO with respect to
this transaction. This Promise to Grant Stock Option(s) may only be amended by
means of a writing signed by you and a duly authorized officer of 3DO.


THE 3DO COMPANY


By: ______________________________________    Date: _________________, 2002


Name: ____________________________________


Title: ___________________________________


PROMISE TO GRANT STOCK OPTION(S)       -2-

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ex-a1vi.txt
<TEXT>

                                                                 Exhibit (a)(vi)

                           FORM OF E-MAIL CONFIRMATION
                           OF RECEIPT OF ELECTION FORM

      This e-mail confirms our receipt of your Election Form, which sets forth
your election to exchange one or more of your outstanding options for
cancellation and regrant pursuant to our voluntary stock option exchange
program. This e-mail does not serve as our formal acceptance of the options
designated on your Election Form for cancellation and regrant, per the terms and
conditions of the Offer to Exchange Certain Outstanding Options for New Options
dated October 23, 2002 (the "Offer"), previously distributed to you and filed
with the SEC. A formal notice of the acceptance/rejection of your options will
be sent to you promptly after the expiration of the Offer, which is currently
scheduled to occur at 5:00 p.m., Pacific Time, on November 21, 2002 (the
"Expiration Date").

      Your election to exchange your options may be withdrawn or changed at any
time prior to the Expiration Date. To withdraw your election, you must submit a
Notice to Withdraw from the Offer prior to the Expiration Date per the
procedures set forth in the Offer. To change your election, you must submit a
new Election Form prior to the Expiration Date per the procedures set forth in
the Offer.

      If you have questions regarding this confirmation, contact:

            The 3DO Company
            Human Resources Department
            Attention: Gina Caruso
            200 Cardinal Way
            Redwood City, CA 94063
            Ph:  (650) 385-2654
            Fax: (650) 385-3120

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ex-a1vii.txt
<TEXT>

                                                                Exhibit (a)(vii)

                    FORM OF E-MAIL CONFIRMATION OF RECEIPT OF
                        NOTICE TO WITHDRAW FROM THE OFFER

      This e-mail confirms our receipt of your Notice to Withdraw from the Offer
pursuant to our Offer to Exchange Certain Outstanding Options for New Options
dated October 23, 2002 (the "Offer"), and nullifying your previously submitted
Election Form.

      Please note that the Notice to Withdraw from the Offer completely
withdraws you from the Offer and cannot be used to make changes to your
previously submitted Election Form. Please submit a new Election Form if you
would like to change your election with respect to a particular option.

      In addition, you may change your mind and re-accept the Offer by
completing and delivering a new Election Form per the procedures set forth in
the Offer prior to 5:00 p.m., Pacific Time, on November 21, 2002.

      If you have questions regarding this confirmation, contact:

            The 3DO Company
            Human Resources Department
            Attention: Gina Caruso
            200 Cardinal Way
            Redwood City, CA 94063
            Ph:  (650) 385-2654
            Fax: (650) 385-3120

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ex-a1viii.txt
<TEXT>

                                                               Exhibit (a)(viii)

              FORM OF E-MAIL REMINDER ABOUT EXPIRATION OF OFFER

      This is a reminder that if you wish to exchange any of your eligible
options pursuant to our Offer to Exchange Certain Outstanding Options for New
Options dated October 23, 2002 (the "Offer"), you must submit your properly
completed Election Form via fax or hand delivery (e-mail is not sufficient) for
receipt by 5:00 p.m., Pacific Time, on November 21, 2002 (the "Expiration Date")
to:

            The 3DO Company
            Human Resources Department
            Attention: Gina Caruso
            200 Cardinal Way
            Redwood City, CA 94063
            Ph:  (650) 385-2654
            Fax: (650) 385-3120

      This is a firm deadline. If your Election Form is received after this
time, it will not be accepted. We urge you to respond early to avoid any last
minute problems.

      If you have already submitted an Election Form, your election to exchange
your options may be withdrawn or changed at any time prior to the Expiration
Date. To withdraw your election, you must submit a Notice to Withdraw from the
Offer prior to the Expiration Date per the procedures set forth in the Offer. To
change your election, you must submit a new Election Form prior to the
Expiration Date per the procedures set forth in the Offer.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>ex-a1ix.txt
<TEXT>

                                                                 Exhibit (a)(ix)

                         FORM OF E-MAIL NOTIFICATION OF
               ACCEPTANCE AND CANCELLATION OF TENDERED OPTIONS

      This e-mail confirms that all options validly tendered for exchange
pursuant to our Offer to Exchange Certain Outstanding Options for New Options
dated October 23, 2002, were accepted and cancelled on November 22, 2002.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>ex-d1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX(D)(1)
<TEXT>

                                                                  Exhibit (d)(1)

                                 THE 3DO COMPANY

                            1993 INCENTIVE STOCK PLAN

                             As Amended October 2000

      1. Purposes of the Plan. The purposes of this Stock Plan are to attract
and retain the best available personnel for positions of substantial
responsibility, to provide additional incentive to Employees and Consultants of
the Company and its Parent or its Subsidiaries and to promote the success of the
Company's business. Options granted under the Plan may be incentive stock
options (as defined under Section 422 of the Code) or nonstatutory stock
options, as determined by the Administrator at the time of grant of an Option
and subject to the applicable provisions of Section 422 of the Code, as amended,
and the regulations promulgated thereunder.

      2. Definitions. As used herein, the following definitions shall apply:

            (a) "Administrator" means the Board or any of its Committees
appointed pursuant to Section 4 of the Plan.

            (b) "Board" means the Board of Directors of the Company.

            (c) "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

            (d) "Committee" means the Committee appointed by the Board of
Directors in accordance with paragraph (a) of Section 4 of the Plan.

            (e) "Common Stock" means the Common Stock of the Company.

            (f) "Company" means The 3DO Company, a Delaware corporation.

            (g) "Consultant" means any person, including an advisor, who is
engaged by the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary to render services and is
compensated for such services; provided that the term Consultant shall not
include directors who are not compensated for their services or are paid only a
director's fee by the Company.

            (h) "Continuous Status as an Employee" means the absence of any
interruption or termination of the employment relationship by the Company or any
Subsidiary. Continuous Status as an Employee shall not be considered interrupted
in the case of: (i) sick leave; (ii) military leave; (iii) any other leave of
absence approved by the Board; provided that such leave is for a period of not
more than ninety (90) days, unless reemployment upon the expiration of such
leave is guaranteed by contract or statute; or (iv) in the case of transfers
between locations of the Company or between the Company, its Parent or its
Subsidiaries or its successor.
<PAGE>

                                                                  Exhibit (d)(1)

            (i) "Employee" means any person, including officers and directors,
employed by the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company. The payment
of a director's fee by the Company shall not be sufficient to constitute
"employment" by the Company.

            (j) "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended.

            (k) "Fair Market Value" means, as of any date, the value of Common
Stock determined as follows:

                  (i) If the Common Stock is listed on any established stock
exchange or a national market system, including without limitation the Nasdaq
National Market or The Nasdaq SmallCap Market of The Nasdaq Stock Market, its
Fair Market Value shall be the closing sales price for such stock (or the
closing bid, if no sales were reported, as quoted on such system or exchange for
the last market trading day prior to the time of determination) as reported in
The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Administrator deems
reliable;

                  (ii) If the Common Stock is quoted on the NASDAQ System (but
not on the National Market System thereof) or regularly quoted by a recognized
securities dealer, but selling prices are not reported, its Fair Market Value
shall be the mean between the high and low asked prices for the Common Stock or;

                  (iii) In the absence of an established market for the Common
Stock, the Fair Market Value thereof shall be determined in good faith by the
Administrator.

            (l) "Incentive Stock Option" means an Option intended to qualify as
an incentive stock Option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code.

            (m) "Nonstatutory Stock Option" means an Option not intended to
qualify as an Incentive Stock Option.

            (n) "Option" means a stock Option granted pursuant to the Plan.

            (o) "Optioned Stock" means the Common Stock subject to an Option.

            (p) "Optionee" means an Employee or Consultant who receives an
Option.

            (q) "Parent" means a "parent corporation," whether now or hereafter
existing, as defined in Section 424(e) of the Code.

            (r) "Plan" means this 1993 Incentive Stock Plan.

            (s) "Share" means a share of the Common Stock, $0.01 par value, as
adjusted in accordance with Section 12 of the Plan.


1993 INCENTIVE STOCK PLAN             -2-
<PAGE>

                                                                  Exhibit (d)(1)

            (t) "Subsidiary" means a "subsidiary corporation," whether now or
hereafter existing, as defined in Section 424(f) of the Code.

      3. Stock Subject to the Plan. Subject to the provisions of Section 12 of
the Plan, the total number of Shares reserved and available for issuance under
the Plan is 6,350,000 Shares, increased each January 1 from and including
January 1, 1995 by a number of Shares equal to 2% of the Company's "Fully
Diluted Shares." The number of Fully Diluted Shares equals the number of shares
of Common Stock outstanding as of January 1 of such year, assuming conversion of
all Preferred Stock or other instruments convertible into Common Stock and
exercise of all options, warrants and other instruments exercisable for
Preferred Stock or Common Stock. The maximum number of Shares reserved and
available for issuance pursuant to Incentive Stock Options is 4,350,000 Shares,
increased annually by a maximum of 2% of the Company's Fully Diluted Shares;
provided, however, that each such annual increase in the number of Shares
available for issuance pursuant to Incentive Stock Options shall be subject to
stockholder approval within 12 months of such annual increase, and provided that
such stockholder approval of Shares available for issuance pursuant to Incentive
Stock Options shall be for a specific number of Shares each year within the
limits of this Section 3.

      Subject to Section 12 of the Plan, if any Shares that have been optioned
under an Option cease to be subject to such Option (other than through exercise
of the Option), or if any Option or Right granted hereunder is forfeited, or any
such award otherwise terminates prior to the issuance of Common Stock to the
participant, the Shares that were subject to such Option or Right shall again be
available for distribution in connection with future Option or right grants
under the Plan. Shares that have actually been issued under the Plan, whether
upon exercise of an Option or Right, shall not in any event be returned to the
Plan and shall not become available for future distribution under the Plan,
except that if Shares of Restricted Stock are repurchased by the Company at
their original purchase price, and the original purchaser of such Shares did not
receive any benefits of ownership of such Shares, such Shares shall become
available for future grant under the Plan. For purposes of the preceding
sentence, voting rights shall not be considered a benefit of Share ownership.

      4. Administration of the Plan.

            (a) Procedure.

                  (i) Multiple Administrative Bodies. Different Committees with
respect to different groups of Employees or Consultants may administer the Plan.

                  (ii) Section 162(m). To the extent that the Administrator
determines it to be desirable to qualify Options granted hereunder as
"performance-based compensation" within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the
Code, the Plan shall be administered by a Committee of two or more "outside
directors" within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code.


1993 INCENTIVE STOCK PLAN             -3-
<PAGE>

                                                                  Exhibit (d)(1)

                  (iii) Rule 16b-3. To the extent desirable to qualify
transactions hereunder as exempt under Rule 16b-3, the transactions contemplated
hereunder shall be structured to satisfy the requirements for exemption under
Rule 16b-3.

                  (iv) Other Administration. Other than as provided above, the
Plan shall be administered by (A) the Board or (B) a Committee, which committee
shall be constituted to satisfy Applicable Laws.

            (b) Powers of the Administrator. Subject to the provisions of the
Plan and in the case of a Committee, the specific duties delegated by the Board
to such Committee, the Administrator shall have the authority, in its
discretion:

                  (i) to determine the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock, in
accordance with Section 2(k) of the Plan;

                  (ii) to select the Consultants and Employees to whom Options
may from time to time be granted hereunder;

                  (iii) to determine whether and to what extent Options are
granted hereunder;

                  (iv) to determine the number of Shares to be covered by each
such award granted hereunder;

                  (v) to approve forms of agreement for use under the Plan;

                  (vi) to determine the terms and conditions, not inconsistent
with the terms of the Plan, of any award granted hereunder (including, but not
limited to, the purchase price per Share and any restriction or limitation, or
waiver of forfeiture restrictions regarding any Option or other award and the
Shares relating thereto, based in each case on such factors as the Administrator
shall determine, in its sole discretion);

                  (vii) to determine whether and under what circumstances an
Option may be settled in cash under subsection 9(f) instead of Common Stock; and

                  (viii) to prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations
relating to the Plan, including rules and regulations relating to sub-plans
established for the purpose of qualifying for preferred tax treatment under
foreign tax laws.

            (c) Effect of Committee's Decision. All decisions, determinations
and interpretations of the Administrator shall be final and binding on all
Optionees and any other holders of any Options.


1993 INCENTIVE STOCK PLAN             -4-
<PAGE>

                                                                  Exhibit (d)(1)

      5. Option Grants.

            (a) Nonstatutory Stock Options may be granted to Employees and
Consultants. Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to Employees. An
Employee or Consultant who has been granted an Option may, if he is otherwise
eligible, be granted an additional Option or Options.

            (b) Each Option shall be designated in the written Option agreement
as either an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonstatutory Stock Option. However,
notwithstanding such designations, to the extent that the aggregate Fair Market
Value of the Shares with respect to which Options designated as Incentive Stock
Options are exercisable for the first time by any Optionee during any calendar
year (under all plans of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary) exceeds
$100,000, such excess Options shall be treated as Nonstatutory Stock Options.

            (c) For purposes of Section 5(b), Incentive Stock Options shall be
taken into account in the order in which they were granted, and the Fair Market
Value of the Shares shall be determined as of the time the Option with respect
to such Shares is granted.

            (d) The Plan shall not confer upon any Optionee any right with
respect to continuation of employment or consulting relationship with the
Company, nor shall it interfere in any way with his right or the Company's right
to terminate his employment or consulting relationship at any time, with or
without cause.

            (e) The following limitations shall apply to grants of Options:

                  (i) No Employee or Consultant shall be granted, in any fiscal
year of the Company, Options to purchase more than 3,000,000 Shares.

                  (ii) The foregoing limitation shall be adjusted
proportionately in connection with any change in the Company's capitalization as
described in Section 12.

                  (iii) If an Option is cancelled in the same fiscal year of the
Company in which it was granted (other than in connection with a transaction
described in Section 12), the cancelled Option will be counted against the
limits set forth in subsections (i) and (ii) above. For this purpose, if the
exercise price of an Option is reduced, the transaction will be treated as a
cancellation of the Option and the grant of a new Option.

      6. Term of Plan. The Plan shall become effective upon the earlier to occur
of its Option by the Board of Directors or its approval by the shareholders of
the Company as described in Section 18 of the Plan. It shall continue in effect
for a term of ten (10) years unless sooner terminated under Section 14 of the
Plan.

      7. Term of Option. The term of each Option shall be the term stated in the
Option Agreement; provided, however, that in the case of an Incentive Stock
Option and a Nonstatutory


1993 INCENTIVE STOCK PLAN             -5-
<PAGE>

                                                                  Exhibit (d)(1)

Stock Option, the term shall be no more than ten (10) years from the date of
grant thereof or such shorter term as may be provided in the Option Agreement.
However, in the case of an Incentive Stock Option granted to an Optionee who, at
the time the Option is granted, owns stock representing more than ten percent
(10%) of the voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Parent
or Subsidiary, the term of the Option shall be five (5) years from the date of
grant thereof or such shorter term as may be provided in the Option Agreement.

      8. Option Exercise Price and Consideration.

            (a) The per Share exercise price for the Shares to be issued
pursuant to exercise of an Option shall be such price as is determined by the
Board (not less than the par value of the Shares), but shall be subject to the
following:

                  (i) In the case of an Incentive Stock Option

                        (A) granted to an Employee who, at the time of the grant
of such Incentive Stock Option, owns stock representing more than ten percent
(10%) of the voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Parent
or Subsidiary, the per Share exercise price shall be no less than 110% of the
Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant.

                        (B) granted to any Employee, the per Share exercise
price shall be no less than 100% of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date
of grant.

                  (ii) In the case of a Nonstatutory Stock granted to any
person, the per Share exercise price shall be no less than 85% of the Fair
Market Value per Share on the date of grant.

            (b) The consideration to be paid for the Shares to be issued upon
exercise of an Option, including the method of payment, shall be determined by
the Administrator (and, in the case of an Incentive Stock Option, shall be
determined at the time of grant) and may consist entirely of (1) cash, (2)
check, (3) promissory note to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws, (4) other
Shares which (x) in the case of Shares acquired upon exercise of an Option, have
been owned by the Optionee (and which have been paid for within the meaning of
Rule 144) for more than six months on the date of surrender and (y) have a Fair
Market Value on the date of surrender equal to the aggregate exercise price of
the Shares as to which said Option shall be exercised, (5) authorization from
the company to retain from the total number of Shares as to which the Option is
exercised that number of Shares having a Fair Market Value on the date of
exercise equal to the exercise price for the total number of Shares as to which
the Option is exercised, (6) delivery of a properly executed exercise notice
together with irrevocable instructions to a broker to promptly deliver to the
company the amount of sale or loan proceeds required to pay the exercise price,
(7) by delivering an irrevocable subscription agreement for the Shares which
irrevocably obligates the Option holder to take and pay for the Shares not more
than twelve months after the date of delivery of the subscription agreement, (8)
any combination of the foregoing methods of payment or (9) such other


1993 INCENTIVE STOCK PLAN             -6-
<PAGE>

                                                                  Exhibit (d)(1)

consideration and method of payment for the issuance of Shares as may be
permitted under Applicable Laws. In making its determination as to the type of
consideration to accept, the Board shall consider if acceptance of such
consideration may be reasonably expected to benefit the Company.

      9. Exercise of Option.

            (a) Procedure for Exercise; Rights as a Shareholder. Any Option
granted hereunder shall be exercisable at such times and under such conditions
as determined by the Board, including performance criteria with respect to the
Company or the Optionee, and as shall be permissible under the terms of the
Plan.

      An Option may not be exercised for a fraction of a Share.

      An Option shall be deemed to be exercised when written notice of such
exercise has been given to the Company in accordance with the terms of the
Option by the person entitled to exercise the Option and full payment for the
Shares with respect to which the Option is exercised has been received by the
Company. Full payment may, as authorized by the Board, consist of any
consideration and method of payment allowable under Section 8(b) of the Plan.
Until the issuance (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the
Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company) of the stock
certificate evidencing such Shares, no right to vote or receive dividends or any
other rights as a shareholder shall exist with respect to the Optioned Stock,
notwithstanding the exercise of the Option. The Company shall issue (or cause to
be issued) such stock certificate promptly upon exercise of the Option. No
adjustment will be made for a dividend or other right for which the record date
is prior to the date the stock certificate is issued, except as provided in
Section 12 of the Plan.

      Exercise of an Option in any manner shall result in a decrease in the
number of Shares which thereafter may be available, both for purposes of the
Plan and for sale under the Option, by the number of Shares as to which the
Option is exercised.

            (b) Termination of Employment. In the event of termination of an
Optionee's consulting relationship or Continuous Status as an Employee with the
Company (as the case may be), such Optionee may, but only within three (3)
months (or such other period of time as is determined by the Board) after the
date of such termination (but in no event later than the expiration date of the
term of such Option as set forth in the Option Agreement), exercise his Option
to the extent that Optionee was entitled to exercise it at the date of such
termination. To the extent that Optionee was not entitled to exercise the Option
at the date of such termination, or if Optionee does not exercise such Option to
the extent so entitled within the time specified, the Option shall terminate.

            (c) Disability of Optionee. Notwithstanding the provisions of
Section 9(b) above, in the event of termination of an Optionee Consulting
relationship or Continuous Status as an


1993 INCENTIVE STOCK PLAN             -7-
<PAGE>

                                                                  Exhibit (d)(1)

Employee as a result of his total and permanent disability (as defined in
Section 22(e)(3) of the Code), Optionee may, but only within twelve (12) months
from the date of such termination (but in no event later than the expiration
date of the term of such Option as set forth in the Option Agreement), exercise
the Option to the extent otherwise entitled to exercise it at the date of such
termination. To the extent that Optionee was not entitled to exercise the Option
at the date of termination, or if Optionee does not exercise such Option to the
extent so entitled within the time specified, the Option shall terminate.

            (d) Death of Optionee. In the event of the death of an Optionee, the
Option may be exercised at any time within twelve (12) months following the date
of death (but in no event later than the expiration date of the term of such
Option as set forth in the Option Agreement), by the Optionee's estate or by a
person who acquired the right to exercise the Option by bequest or inheritance,
but only to the extent the Optionee was entitled to exercise the Option at the
date of death. To the extent that Optionee was not entitled to exercise the
Option at the date of termination, or if Optionee does not exercise such Option
to the extent so entitled within the time specified, the Option shall terminate.

            (e) Rule 16b-3. Options granted to persons subject to Section 16(b)
of the Exchange Act must comply with Rule 16b-3 and shall contain such
additional conditions or restrictions as may be required thereunder to qualify
for the maximum exemption from Section 16 of the Exchange Act with respect to
Plan transactions.

            (f) Buyout Provisions. The Administrator may at anytime offer to buy
out for a payment in cash or Shares an Option previously granted, based on such
terms and conditions as the Administrator shall establish and communicate to the
Optionee at the time that such offer is made.

      10. Non-Transferability of Options. The Option may not be sold, pledged,
assigned, hypothecated, transferred, or disposed of in any manner other than by
will or by the laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised during the
lifetime of the Optionee only by the Optionee.

      11. Stock Withholding to Satisfy Withholding Tax Obligations. At the
discretion of the Administrator, Optionees may satisfy withholding obligations
as provided in this paragraph. When an Optionee incurs tax liability in
connection with an Option, which tax liability is subject to tax withholding
under applicable tax laws, and the Optionee is obligated to pay the Company an
amount required to be withheld under applicable tax laws, the Optionee may
satisfy the withholding tax obligation by electing to have the Company withhold
from the Shares to be issued upon exercise of the Option, if any, that number of
Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to the minimum amount required to be
withheld (but in no event any more than the minimum amount required to be
withheld). The Fair Market Value of the Shares to be withheld shall be
determined on the date that the amount of tax to be withheld is to be determined
(the "Tax Date").

      All elections by an Optionee to have Shares withheld for this purpose
shall be made in writing in a form acceptable to the administrator and shall be
subject to the following restrictions:


1993 INCENTIVE STOCK PLAN             -8-
<PAGE>

                                                                  Exhibit (d)(1)

            (a) the election must be made on or prior to the applicable Tax
Date;

            (b) once made, the election shall be irrevocable as to the
particular Shares of the Option or Right as to which the election is made;

            (c) all elections shall be subject to the consent or disapproval of
the Administrator;

            (d) if the Optionee is subject to Rule 16b-3, the election must
comply with the applicable provisions of Rule 16b-3 and shall be subject to such
additional conditions or restrictions as may be required thereunder to qualify
for the maximum exemption from Section 16 of the Exchange Act with respect to
Plan transactions. In the event the election to have Shares withheld is made by
an Optionee and the Tax Date is deferred under Section 83 of the Code because no
election is filed under Section 83(b) of the Code, the Optionee shall receive
the full number of Shares with respect to which the Option is exercised but such
Optionee shall be unconditionally obligated to tender back to the company the
proper number of Shares on the Tax Date.

      12. Adjustments Upon Changes in Capitalization or Merger. Subject to any
required action by the shareholders of the Company, the number of Shares covered
by each outstanding Option, and the number of Shares which have been authorized
for issuance under the Plan but as to which no Options have yet been granted or
which have been returned to the Plan upon cancellation or expiration of an
Option, as well as the price per Share covered by each such outstanding Option,
shall be proportionately adjusted for any increase or decrease in the number of
issued shares of Common Stock resulting from a stock split, reverse stock split,
stock dividend, combination or reclassification of the Common Stock, any other
increase or decrease in the number of issued shares of Common Stock effected
without receipt of consideration by the Company; provided, however, that
conversion of any convertible securities of the company shall not be deemed to
have been "effected without receipt of consideration." Such adjustment shall be
made by the Board, whose determination in that respect shall be final, binding
and conclusive. Except as expressly provided herein, no issuance by the Company
of shares of stock of any class, or securities convertible into shares of stock
of any class, shall affect, and no adjustment by reason thereof shall be made
with respect to, the number or price of Shares subject to an Option.

      In the event of the proposed dissolution or liquidation of the Company,
the Board shall notify the Optionee at least fifteen (15) days prior to such
proposed action. To the extent it has not been previously exercised, the Option
will terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such proposed action. In
the event of a merger of the Company with or into another corporation (other
than a merger or consolidation with a wholly-owned subsidiary, a reincorporation
of the Company in a different jurisdiction, or other transaction in which there
is no substantial change in shareholders of the Company and Options granted are
assumed or replaced by the successor corporation), the Option shall be assumed
or an equivalent Option shall be substituted by such successor corporation or a
parent or subsidiary of such successor corporation. In the event that such
success or corporation does not agree to assume the Option or to substitute an
equivalent Option, the Board shall notify the


1993 INCENTIVE STOCK PLAN             -9-
<PAGE>

                                                                  Exhibit (d)(1)

Optionee that the Option shall be fully exercisable for a period of at least
fifteen (15) days from the date of such notice, and the Option will terminate
upon the later of the expiration of such period or the consummation of the
merger.

      13. Time of Granting Options. The date of grant of an Option shall, for
all purposes, be the date on which the Administrator makes the determination
granting such Option, or such other date as is determined by the Board. Notice
of the determination shall be given to each Employee or Consultant to whom an
Option is so granted within a reasonable time after the date of such grant.

      14. Amendment and Termination of the Plan.

            (a) Amendment and Termination. The Board may at anytime amend,
alter, suspend or discontinue the Plan, but no amendment, alteration, suspension
or discontinuation shall be made which would impair the rights of any Optionee
under any grant theretofore made without his consent. In addition, to the extent
necessary and desirable to comply with Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act or with
Section 422 of the Code (or any other applicable law or regulation, including
the requirements of Nasdaq or an established stock exchange), the Company shall
obtain shareholder approval of any Plan amendment in such a manner and to such a
degree as required.

            (b) Effect of Amendment or Termination. Any such amendment or
termination of the Plan shall not affect Options already granted and such
Options shall remain in full force and effect as if this Plan had not been
amended or terminated, unless mutually agreed otherwise between the Optionee and
the Board, which agreement must be in writing and signed by the Optionee and the
Company.

      15. Conditions Upon Issuance of Shares. Shares shall not be issued
pursuant to the exercise of an Option unless the exercise of such Option and the
issuance and delivery of such Shares pursuant thereto shall comply with all
relevant provisions of law, including, without limitation, the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, the Exchange Act, the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder, state securities laws and the requirements of any stock exchange
upon which the Shares may then be listed, and shall be further subject to the
approval of counsel for the Company with respect to such compliance.

      As a condition to the exercise of an Option, the Company may require the
person exercising such Option to represent and warrant at the time of any such
exercise that the Shares are being purchased only for investment and without any
present intention to sell or distribute such Shares if, in the opinion of
counsel for the Company, such a representation is required by any of the
aforementioned relevant provisions of law.

      16. Reservation of Shares. The Company, during the term of this Plan, will
at all times reserve and keep available such number of Shares as shall be
sufficient to satisfy the requirements of the Plan.


1993 INCENTIVE STOCK PLAN             -10-
<PAGE>

                                                                  Exhibit (d)(1)

      The inability of the Company to obtain authority from any regulatory body
having jurisdiction, which authority is deemed by the Company's counsel to be
necessary to the lawful issuance and sale of any Shares hereunder, shall relieve
the Company of any liability in respect of the failure to issue or sell such
Shares as to which such requisite authority shall not have been obtained.

      17. Agreements. Options shall be evidenced by written agreements in such
form as the Board shall approve from time to time.

      18. Shareholder Approval. Continuance of the Plan shall be subject to
approval by the shareholders of the Company within twelve (12) months before or
after the date the Plan is adopted. Such shareholder approval shall be obtained
in the degree and manner required under applicable laws.


1993 INCENTIVE STOCK PLAN             -11-
<PAGE>

                                                                  Exhibit (d)(1)

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      Notice of Grant of Stock Options      The 3DO Company
                                            ID: 94-3145110
      and Option Agreement                  200 Cardinal Way
                                            Redwood City, CA 94063
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

      Name:                                 Option Number:
      Address:                              Plan:                 1993
      Address:                              ID:

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

      Effective ________, you have been granted a(n) Non-Qualified Stock
      Option to buy __________ shares of The 3DO Company (the Company)
      stock at $______ per share.

      The total option price of the shares granted is $_________________.

      Shares in each period will become fully vested on the date shown.

         Shares       Vest Type         Full Vest           Expiration
      -----------   -------------    --------------     -----------------


- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

      By your signature and the Company's signature below, you and the
      Company agree that these options are granted under and governed by
      the terms and conditions of the Company's Stock Option Plan as
      amended and the Option Agreement, all of which are attached and made
      a part of this document.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- -------------------------------              -----------------------------------
      The 3DO Company                               Date


- -------------------------------              -----------------------------------
      Name                                          Date


1993 INCENTIVE STOCK PLAN             -1-
<PAGE>

                                                                  Exhibit (d)(1)

                                 THE 3DO COMPANY

                            1993 INCENTIVE STOCK PLAN

                             STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT

      II.   AGREEMENT

            1. Grant of Option. The Company hereby grants to the Optionee an
option (the "Option") to purchase the number of Shares set forth in the Notice
of Grant, at the exercise price per share set forth in the Notice of Grant (the
"Exercise Price"). Subject to Section 15(b) of the Plan, in the event of a
conflict between the terms and conditions of the Plan and of this Option
Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan shall prevail.

                  If designated in the Notice of Grant as an Incentive Stock
Option, this Option is intended to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option under
Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code (the "Code").

            2. Exercise of Option.

                  (a) Right to Exercise. This Option is exercisable during its
term in accordance with the Vesting Schedule set forth in the Notice of Grant
and the applicable provisions of the Plan and this Option Agreement. In the
event of a company-approved Leave of Absence of the Optionee that is not a
termination of the Optionee's continuous status as an Employee or Consultant (a
"Leave"), the Option shall not terminate but shall cease to vest during such
leave.

                  (b) Method of Exercise. This Option is exercisable by delivery
of an exercise notice in the form attached as Exhibit A (the "Exercise Notice"),
stating the election to exercise the Option, the number of Shares as to which
the Option is being exercised (the "Exercised Shares"), and such other
representations and agreements as may be required by the Company pursuant to the
Plan. The Exercise Notice shall be signed by the Optionee and shall be delivered
in person or by certified mail to the Secretary of the Company. The Exercise
Notice shall be accompanied by payment of the aggregate Exercise Price as to all
Exercised Shares. This Option shall be deemed to be exercised upon receipt by
the Company of the fully executed Exercise Notice accompanied by the aggregate
Exercise Price.

                  No Shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Option
unless such exercise and issuance complies with all laws and the requirements of
any stock exchange or quotation service upon which the Shares are then listed.
Assuming such compliance, for income tax purposes the Exercised Shares shall be
considered issued on the date the Option is exercised.


1993 INCENTIVE STOCK PLAN             -2-
<PAGE>

                                                                  Exhibit (d)(1)

                  (c) Restrictions on Exercise. This Option may not be exercised
if the issuance of such Shares upon such exercise or the method of payment of
consideration for such shares would constitute a violation of any applicable
federal or state securities or other law or regulation, including any rule under
Part 207 of Title 12 of the Code of Federal Regulations ("Regulation G") as
promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board. As a condition to the exercise of this
Option, the Company may require Optionee to make any representation and warranty
to the Company as may be required by any applicable law or regulation.

            3. Method of Payment. The Optionee may pay the aggregate Exercise
Price by cash or check.

            4. Non-Transferability of Option. This Option may not be transferred
in any manner other than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution, and
may be exercised during the lifetime of Optionee only by the Optionee. The terms
of the Plan and this Option Agreement shall be binding upon the executors,
administrators, heirs, successors and assigns of the Optionee.

            5. Term of Option. This Option may be exercised only within the Term
set out in the Notice of Grant.

            6. Early Termination of Option.

                  (a) Termination of Status as Employee or Consultant. If
Optionee's Continuous Status as an Employee or Consultant terminates, then
vesting of the Option shall cease as of the date of termination, and this Option
will terminate three (3) months after the date of termination to the extent
Optionee has not exercised the Option before that time, but in no event later
than the Expiration Date.

                  (b) Termination Due to Disability. If Optionee's Continuous
Status as an Employee or Consultant terminates as a result of Optionee's
permanent and total disability (as defined in Internal Revenue Code Section
22(e)(3)), then Optionee may exercise the Option, up to the extent otherwise so
entitled at the date of termination of Continuous Status, for up to twelve (12)
months after the date of termination of Continuous Status, but in no event later
than the Expiration Date, to the extent Optionee has not exercised the Option
before that time.

                  (c) Termination Upon Death.

                        (i) If Optionee dies while in Continuous Status as an
Employee or Consultant, the Option may be exercised at any time within twelve
(12) months following the date of death (but in no event later than the
Expiration Date), by Optionee's estate or by a person who acquired the right to
exercise the Option by bequest or inheritance, but only to the extent the
Optionee could exercise the Option at the date of death.


1993 INCENTIVE STOCK PLAN             -3-
<PAGE>

                                                                  Exhibit (d)(1)

                        (ii) If Optionee dies within thirty (30) days after
Optionee's Continuous Status as an Employee or Consultant terminates, then this
Option shall terminate twelve (12) months after the date of death to the extent
it has not been exercised before that time by Optionee's estate, or by a person
who acquired the right to exercise this Option by bequest or inheritance. In
this case, the Option shall be exercisable only to the extent of the right to
exercise that had accrued at the date of termination of Continuous Status as an
Employee or Consultant.

                  (d) No Extension of Term. In no event shall the exercisability
provisions of this Section 6 be interpreted to extend the Term of the option set
forth in the Notice of Grant.

            7. Optionee's Representations.

                  (a) Optionee understands this Option is granted under and
governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Option Agreement,
which are governed by California law, constitute the entire agreement of the
parties and supersede all prior agreements of the Company and Optionee with
respect to the subject matter hereof. Optionee has reviewed the Plan and this
Option Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice
of counsel prior to executing this Option Agreement and fully understands all
provisions of the Plan and Option Agreement. Optionee hereby agrees to accept as
binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the
Administrator upon any questions relating to the Plan and Option Agreement.

                  (b) OPTIONEE UNDERSTANDS THAT THE VESTING OF SHARES PURSUANT
TO THE OPTION IS EARNED ONLY BY CONTINUING EMPLOYMENT BY OR CONSULTING SERVICES
TO THE COMPANY (NOT THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING HIRED, ENGAGED AS A CONSULTANT,
BEING GRANTED THIS OPTION OR ACQUIRING SHARES HEREUNDER). OPTIONEE UNDERSTANDS
THAT NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR THE PLAN CONFERS UPON OPTIONEE ANY RIGHT TO
CONTINUED EMPLOYMENT BY THE COMPANY. Optionee's Initials: __________


1993 INCENTIVE STOCK PLAN             -4-
<PAGE>

                                                                  Exhibit (d)(1)

                                    EXHIBIT A

                                 THE 3DO COMPANY

                            1993 INCENTIVE STOCK PLAN

                                 EXERCISE NOTICE

      The 3DO Company
      100 Cardinal Way
      Redwood City, CA 94063

      Attention: Secretary

            1. Exercise of Option. Effective as of today, ___________, 20__, the
undersigned ("Purchaser") hereby elects to purchase _________ shares (the
"Shares") of the Common Stock of The 3DO Company (the "Company") pursuant to the
1993 Incentive Stock Plan (the "Plan") and the Stock Option Agreement dated
___________ (the "Option Agreement"). The purchase price for the Shares is
$_______ , as required by the Option Agreement.

            2. Delivery of Payment. Purchaser is delivering to the Company with
this notice the full purchase price for the Shares.

            3. Representations of Purchaser. Purchaser has received, read and
understood the Plan and the Option Agreement and agrees to their terms and
conditions.

            4. Rights as Stockholder. Until the issuance (as evidenced by the
appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer
agent of the Company) of the stock certificate evidencing such Shares, no right
to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a stockholder shall exist
with respect to the Shares. A share certificate for the number of Shares so
acquired shall be issued to the Optionee as soon as practicable after exercise
of the Option. No adjustment will be made for a dividend or other right for
which the record date is prior to the date the stock certificate is issued,
except as provided in Section 13 of the Plan.

            5. Tax Consultation. Purchaser understands that Purchaser may suffer
adverse tax consequences as a result of Purchaser's purchase or disposition of
the Shares. Purchaser represents that Purchaser has consulted with any tax
consultants Purchaser deems advisable in connection with the purchase or
disposition of the Shares and that Purchaser is not relying on the Company for
any tax advice.


1993 INCENTIVE STOCK PLAN             -5-
<PAGE>

                                                                  Exhibit (d)(1)

            6. Tax Consequences. Some of the federal and California tax
consequences relating to exercise of this Option are set forth below. THIS
SUMMARY IS NECESSARILY INCOMPLETE, AND THE TAX LAWS AND REGULATIONS ARE SUBJECT
TO CHANGE.

                  (a) Exercising the Option.

                        (i) Incentive Stock Option ("ISO"). If the Option
qualifies as an ISO, Purchaser will have no regular federal income tax or
California income tax liability upon its exercise, although the excess, if any,
of the fair market value of the Exercised Shares on the date of exercise over
their aggregate Exercise Price will be treated as an adjustment to the
alternative minimum tax for federal tax purposes and may subject Purchaser to
alternative minimum tax in the year of exercise.

                        (ii) Nonqualified Stock Option ("NSO"). If the Option
does not qualify as an ISO, Purchaser may incur regular federal income tax and
California income tax liability upon exercise. Purchaser will be treated as
having received compensation income (taxable at ordinary income tax rates) equal
to the excess, if any, of the fair market value of the Exercised Shares on the
date of exercise over their aggregate Exercise Price. If Purchaser is an
employee, the Company will be required to withhold from his or her compensation
or collect from Optionee and pay to the applicable taxing authorities an amount
equal to a percentage of this compensation income at the time of exercise.

                  (b) Disposition of Shares.

                        (i) NSO. If Purchaser holds NSO Shares for at least one
year, any gain realized on disposition of the Shares will be treated as
long-term capital gain for federal income tax purposes.

                        (ii) ISO. If Purchaser holds ISO Shares for at least one
year after exercise and two years after the grant date, any gain realized on
disposition of the Shares will be treated as long-term capital gain for federal
income tax purposes. If Purchaser disposes of ISO Shares within one year after
exercise or two years after the grant date, any gain realized on such
disposition will be treated as compensation income (taxable at ordinary income
rates) to the extent of the excess, if any, of the lesser of (A) the difference
between the fair market value of the Shares acquired on the date of exercise and
the aggregate Exercise Price, or (B) the difference between the sale price of
such Shares and the aggregate Exercise Price.

                  (c) Notice of Disqualifying Disposition of ISO Shares. If
Purchaser sells or otherwise disposes of any of the Shares acquired pursuant to
an ISO on or before the later of (i) two years after the grant date, or (ii) one
year after the exercise date, Purchaser shall immediately notify the Company in
writing of such disposition. Purchaser agrees that he or she may be subject to
income tax withholding by the Company on the compensation income recognized from
such early disposition of ISO Shares by payment in cash or out of the current
earnings paid to Purchaser.


1993 INCENTIVE STOCK PLAN             -6-
<PAGE>

                                                                  Exhibit (d)(1)

            7. Entire Agreement; Governing Law. The Plan and Option Agreement
are incorporated herein by reference. This Exercise Notice, the Plan and the
Option Agreement, which are governed by California law, constitute the entire
agreement of the parties and supersede in their entirety all prior agreements of
the Company and Purchaser with respect to the subject matter hereof.


      Submitted by:                             Accepted by:

      PURCHASER:                                THE 3DO COMPANY


      ___________________________               By: ____________________________


      Signature


      ___________________________               Title: _________________________


      Print Name


      Address:                                  Address:


      ___________________________               100 Cardinal Way

      ___________________________               Redwood City, CA  94063



1993 INCENTIVE STOCK PLAN             -7-

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>ex-d2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX(D)(2)
<TEXT>

                                                                  Exhibit (d)(2)

                                 THE 3DO COMPANY

                                 2002 STOCK PLAN

      1. Purposes of the Plan. The purposes of this 2002 Stock Plan are:

      o     to attract and retain the best available personnel for positions of
            substantial responsibility,

      o     to provide additional incentive to Employees, Directors and
            Consultants, and

      o     to promote the success of the Company's business.

      Options granted under the Plan may be Incentive Stock Options or
Nonstatutory Stock Options, as determined by the Administrator at the time of
grant.

      2. Definitions. As used herein, the following definitions shall apply:

            (a) "Administrator" means the Board or any of its Committees as
shall be administering the Plan, in accordance with Section 4 of the Plan.

            (b) "Applicable Laws" means the requirements relating to the
administration of stock option plans under U.S. state corporate laws, U.S.
federal and state securities laws, the Code, any stock exchange or quotation
system on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted and the applicable laws of
any other country or jurisdiction where Options are, or will be, granted under
the Plan.

            (c) "Board" means the Board of Directors of the Company.

            (d) "Change in Control" means the occurrence of any of the following
events:

                  (i) Any "person" (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and
14(d) of the Exchange Act) becomes the "beneficial owner" (as defined in Rule
13d-3 of the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company
representing fifty percent (50%) or more of the total voting power represented
by the Company's then outstanding voting securities; or

                  (ii) The consummation of the sale or disposition by the
Company of all or substantially all of the Company's assets;

                  (iii) A change in the composition of the Board occurring
within a two-year period, as a result of which fewer than a majority of the
directors are Incumbent Directors. "Incumbent Directors" means directors who
either (A) are Directors as of the effective date of the Plan, or (B) are
elected, or nominated for election, to the Board with the affirmative votes of
at least a majority of the Incumbent Directors at the time of such election or
nomination (but will not include an individual whose election or nomination is
in connection with an actual or threatened proxy contest relating to the
election of directors to the Company); or

                  (iv) The consummation of a merger or consolidation of the
Company with any other corporation, other than a merger or consolidation which
would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately
prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by
being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity or its parent) at
least fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power represented by the voting
securities of the Company or such surviving entity or its parent outstanding
immediately after such merger or consolidation.


2002 STOCK PLAN                                                                1
<PAGE>

                                                                  Exhibit (d)(2)

            (e) "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

            (f) "Committee" means a committee of Directors appointed by the
Board in accordance with Section 4 of the Plan.

            (g) "Common Stock" means the common stock of the Company.

            (h) "Company" means The 3DO Company, a Delaware corporation.

            (i) "Consultant" means any natural person, including an advisor,
engaged by the Company or a Parent or Subsidiary to render services to such
entity.

            (j) "Director" means a member of the Board.

            (j) "Disability" means total and permanent disability as defined in
Section 22(e)(3) of the Code.

            (k) "Employee" means any person, including Officers and Directors,
employed by the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company. A Service
Provider shall not cease to be an Employee in the case of (i) any leave of
absence approved by the Company or (ii) transfers between locations of the
Company or between the Company, its Parent, any Subsidiary, or any successor.
For purposes of Incentive Stock Options, no such leave may exceed ninety days,
unless reemployment upon expiration of such leave is guaranteed by statute or
contract. If reemployment upon expiration of a leave of absence approved by the
Company is not so guaranteed, then three (3) months following the 91st day of
such leave any Incentive Stock Option held by the Optionee shall cease to be
treated as an Incentive Stock Option and shall be treated for tax purposes as a
Nonstatutory Stock Option. Neither service as a Director nor payment of a
director's fee by the Company shall be sufficient to constitute "employment" by
the Company.

            (l) "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended.

            (m) "Fair Market Value" means, as of any date, the value of Common
Stock determined as follows:

                  (i) If the Common Stock is listed on any established stock
exchange or a national market system, including without limitation the Nasdaq
National Market or The Nasdaq SmallCap Market of The Nasdaq Stock Market, its
Fair Market Value shall be the closing sales price for such stock (or the
closing bid, if no sales were reported) as quoted on such exchange or system on
the day of determination, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other
source as the Administrator deems reliable;

                  (ii) If the Common Stock is regularly quoted by a recognized
securities dealer but selling prices are not reported, the Fair Market Value of
a Share of Common Stock shall be the mean between the high bid and low asked
prices for the Common Stock on the day of determination, as reported in The Wall
Street Journal or such other source as the Administrator deems reliable; or

                  (iii) In the absence of an established market for the Common
Stock, the Fair Market Value shall be determined in good faith by the
Administrator.

            (n) "Incentive Stock Option" means an Option intended to qualify as
an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code and the
regulations promulgated thereunder.

            (o) "Nonstatutory Stock Option" means an Option not intended to
qualify as an Incentive Stock Option.


2002 STOCK PLAN                                                                2
<PAGE>

                                                                  Exhibit (d)(2)

            (p) "Notice of Grant" means a written or electronic notice
evidencing certain terms and conditions of an individual Option grant. The
Notice of Grant is part of the Option Agreement.

            (q) "Officer" means a person who is an officer of the Company within
the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder.

            (r) "Option" means a stock option granted pursuant to the Plan.

            (s) "Option Agreement" means a written or electronic agreement
between the Company and an Optionee evidencing the terms and conditions of an
individual Option grant. The Option Agreement is subject to the terms and
conditions of the Plan.

            (t) "Option Exchange Program" means a program whereby outstanding
Options are surrendered in exchange for Options with a lower exercise price.

            (u) "Optioned Stock" means the Common Stock subject to an Option.

            (v) "Optionee" means the holder of an outstanding Option granted
under the Plan.

            (w) "Parent" means a "parent corporation," whether now or hereafter
existing, as defined in Section 424(e) of the Code.

            (x) "Plan" means this 2002 Stock Plan.

            (y) "Rule 16b-3" means Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act or any
successor to Rule 16b-3, as in effect when discretion is being exercised with
respect to the Plan.

            (z) "Section 16(b) " means Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act.

            (aa) "Service Provider" means an Employee, Director or Consultant.

            (bb) "Share" means a share of the Common Stock, as adjusted in
accordance with Section 12 of the Plan.

            (cc) "Subsidiary" means a "subsidiary corporation", whether now or
hereafter existing, as defined in Section 424(f) of the Code.

3. Stock Subject to the Plan. Subject to the provisions of Section 12 of the
Plan, the maximum aggregate number of Shares that may be subject to an Option
and sold under the Plan is 500,000 Shares plus (a) any Shares which have been
reserved but not issued under the Company's 1993 Incentive Stock Plan (the "1993
Plan") as of the date of stockholder approval of this Plan, (b) any Shares
returned to the 1993 Plan as a result of termination of options or repurchase of
Shares issued under the 1993 Plan and (c) an annual increase to be added on the
first day of the Company's fiscal year beginning in 2003, equal to the lesser of
(i) 300,000 shares, (ii) 2% of the outstanding shares on such date or (iii) a
lesser amount determined by the Board. The Shares may be authorized, but
unissued, or reacquired Common Stock.

      If an Option expires or becomes unexercisable without having been
exercised in full, or is surrendered pursuant to an Option Exchange Program, the
unpurchased Shares that were subject thereto shall become available for future
grant or sale under the Plan (unless the Plan has terminated); provided,
however, that Shares that have actually been issued under the Plan, upon
exercise of an Option or Right, shall not be returned to the Plan and shall not
become available for future distribution under the Plan, except that if unvested
Shares acquired pursuant to the exercise of an Option are repurchased by the
Company at their original price, such Shares shall become available for future
grant under the Plan.


2002 STOCK PLAN                                                                3
<PAGE>

                                                                  Exhibit (d)(2)

4. Administration of the Plan.

      (a) Procedure.

            (i) Multiple Administrative Bodies. Different Committees with
respect to different groups of Service Providers may administer the Plan.

            (ii) Section 162(m). To the extent that the Administrator determines
it to be desirable to qualify Options granted hereunder as "performance-based
compensation" within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code, the Plan shall
be administered by a Committee of two or more "outside directors" within the
meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code.

            (iii) Rule 16b-3. To the extent desirable to qualify transactions
hereunder as exempt under Rule 16b-3, the transactions contemplated hereunder
shall be structured to satisfy the requirements for exemption under Rule 16b-3.

            (iv) Other Administration. Other than as provided above, the Plan
shall be administered by (A) the Board or (B) a Committee, which committee shall
be constituted to satisfy Applicable Laws.

      (b) Powers of the Administrator. Subject to the provisions of the Plan,
and in the case of a Committee, subject to the specific duties delegated by the
Board to such Committee, and subject to the approval of any relevant
authorities, the Administrator shall have the authority, in its discretion:

            (i) to determine the Fair Market Value;

            (ii) to select the Service Providers to whom Options may be granted
hereunder;

            (iii) to determine the number of Shares to be covered by each Option
granted hereunder;

            (iv) to approve forms of agreement for use under the Plan;

            (v) to determine the terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the
terms of the Plan, of any Option granted hereunder. Such terms and conditions
include, but are not limited to, the exercise price, the time or times when
Options may be exercised (which may be based on performance criteria), any
vesting acceleration or waiver of forfeiture restrictions, and any restriction
or limitation regarding any Option or the Shares relating thereto, based in each
case on such factors as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, shall
determine;

            (vi) to reduce the exercise price of any Option to the then current
Fair Market Value if the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock covered by such
Option shall have declined since the date the Option was granted;

            (vii) to institute an Option Exchange Program;

            (viii) to construe and interpret the terms of the Plan and awards
granted pursuant to the Plan;

            (ix) to prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations relating
to the Plan, including rules and regulations relating to sub-plans established
for the purpose of satisfying applicable foreign laws;


2002 STOCK PLAN                                                                4
<PAGE>

                                                                  Exhibit (d)(2)

            (x) to modify or amend each Option (subject to Section 14(c) of the
Plan), including the discretionary authority to extend the post-termination
exercisability period of Options longer than is otherwise provided for in the
Plan;

            (xi) to allow Optionees to satisfy withholding tax obligations by
electing to have the Company withhold from the Shares to be issued upon exercise
of an Option that number of Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to the
minimum amount required to be withheld. The Fair Market Value of the Shares to
be withheld shall be determined on the date that the amount of tax to be
withheld is to be determined. All elections by Optionees to have Shares withheld
for this purpose shall be made in such form and under such conditions as the
Administrator may deem necessary or advisable;

            (xii) to authorize any person to execute on behalf of the Company
any instrument required to effect the grant of an Option previously granted by
the Administrator;

            (xiii) to make all other determinations deemed necessary or
advisable for administering the Plan.

      (c) Effect of Administrator's Decision. All decisions, determinations and
interpretations of the Administrator shall be final and binding on all Optionees
and any other holders of Options.

      5. Eligibility. Nonstatutory Stock Options may be granted to Service
Providers. Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to Employees.

      6. Limitations.

      (a) Each Option shall be designated in the Option Agreement as either an
Incentive Stock Option or a Nonstatutory Stock Option. However, notwithstanding
such designation, to the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value of the
Shares with respect to which Incentive Stock Options are exercisable for the
first time by the Optionee during any calendar year (under all plans of the
Company and any Parent or Subsidiary) exceeds $100,000, such Options shall be
treated as Nonstatutory Stock Options. For purposes of this Section 6(a),
Incentive Stock Options shall be taken into account in the order in which they
were granted. The Fair Market Value of the Shares shall be determined as of the
time the Option with respect to such Shares is granted.

      (b) Neither the Plan nor any Option shall confer upon an Optionee any
right with respect to continuing the Optionee's relationship as a Service
Provider with the Company, nor shall they interfere in any way with the
Optionee's right or the Company's right to terminate such relationship at any
time, with or without cause.

      (c) The following limitations shall apply to grants of Options:

            (i) No Service Provider shall be granted, in any fiscal year of the
Company, Options to purchase more than 750,000 Shares.

            (ii) In connection with his or her initial service, a Service
Provider may be granted Options to purchase up to an additional 750,000 Shares,
which shall not count against the limit set forth in subsection (i) above.

            (iii) The foregoing limitations shall be adjusted proportionately in
connection with any change in the Company's capitalization as described in
Section 12.

            (iv) If an Option is cancelled in the same fiscal year of the
Company in which it was granted (other than in connection with a transaction
described in Section 12), the cancelled Option will be counted against the
limits set forth in subsections (i) and (ii) above. For this purpose, if the
exercise price


2002 STOCK PLAN                                                                5
<PAGE>

                                                                  Exhibit (d)(2)

of an Option is reduced, the transaction will be treated as a cancellation of
the Option and the grant of a new Option.

      7. Term of Plan. Subject to stockholder approval in accordance with
Section 18 of the Plan, the Plan shall become effective upon its adoption by the
Board. Unless sooner terminated under Section 14, it shall continue in effect
for a term of ten (10) years from the later of (i) the effective date of the
Plan, or (ii) the earlier of the most recent board or stockholder approval of an
increase in the number of Shares reserved for issuance.

      8. Term of Option. The term of each Option shall be stated in the Option
Agreement; provided, however, that the term shall be no more than ten (10) years
from the date of grant thereof. Moreover, in the case of an Incentive Stock
Option granted to an Optionee who, at the time the Incentive Stock Option is
granted, owns stock representing more than ten percent (10%) of the total
combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Parent or
Subsidiary, the term of the Incentive Stock Option shall be no more than five
(5) years from the date of grant thereof.

      9. Option Exercise Price and Consideration.

            (a) Exercise Price. The per share exercise price for the Shares to
be issued upon exercise of an Option shall be determined by the Administrator,
subject to the following:

                  (i) In the case of an Incentive Stock Option

                        (A) granted to an Employee who, at the time the
Incentive Stock Option is granted, owns stock representing more than ten percent
(10%) of the voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Parent
or Subsidiary, the per Share exercise price shall be no less than 110% of the
Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant.

                        (B) granted to any Employee other than an Employee
described in paragraph (A) immediately above, the per Share exercise price shall
be no less than 100% of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant.

                  (ii) In the case of a Nonstatutory Stock Option

                        (A) granted to a Service Provider who, at the time of
grant of such Option, owns stock representing more than ten percent (10%) of the
voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary,
the exercise price shall be no less than 110% of the Fair Market Value per Share
on the date of grant.

                        (B) granted to any other Service Provider, the per Share
exercise price shall be no less than 85% of the Fair Market Value per Share on
the date of grant, except that, in the case of a Nonstatutory Stock Option
intended to qualify as "performance-based compensation" within the meaning of
Section 162(m) of the Code, the per Share exercise price shall be no less than
100% of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant.

                  (iii) Notwithstanding the foregoing, Options may be granted
with a per Share exercise price other than as required above pursuant to a
merger or other corporate transaction.

            (b) Waiting Period and Exercise Dates. At the time an Option is
granted, the Administrator shall fix the period within which the Option may be
exercised and shall determine any conditions that must be satisfied before the
Option may be exercised.

            (c) Form of Consideration. The Administrator shall determine the
acceptable form of consideration for exercising an Option, including the method
of payment. In the case of an Incentive


2002 STOCK PLAN                                                                6
<PAGE>

                                                                  Exhibit (d)(2)

Stock Option, the Administrator shall determine the acceptable form of
consideration at the time of grant. Such consideration may consist entirely of:

                  (i) cash;

                  (ii) check;

                  (iii) promissory note;

                  (iv) other Shares which, in the case of Shares acquired
directly or indirectly from the Company, (A) have been owned by the Optionee for
more than six (6) months on the date of surrender, and (B) have a Fair Market
Value on the date of surrender equal to the aggregate exercise price of the
Shares as to which said Option shall be exercised;

                  (v) consideration received by the Company under a cashless
exercise program implemented by the Company in connection with the Plan;

                  (vi) a reduction in the amount of any Company liability to the
Optionee, including any liability attributable to the Optionee's participation
in any Company-sponsored deferred compensation program or arrangement;

                  (vii) any combination of the foregoing methods of payment; or

                  (viii) such other consideration and method of payment for the
issuance of Shares to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws.

10. Exercise of Option.

      (a) Procedure for Exercise; Rights as a Stockholder. Any Option granted
hereunder shall be exercisable according to the terms hereof at such times and
under such conditions as determined by the Administrator and set forth in the
Option Agreement. An Option may not be exercised for a fraction of a Share.
Except in the case of Options granted to Officers, Directors and Consultants,
Options shall become exercisable at a rate of no less than 20% per year over
five (5) years from the date the Options are granted. Unless the Administrator
provides otherwise, vesting of Options granted hereunder shall be suspended
during any unpaid leave of absence.

            An Option shall be deemed exercised when the Company receives: (i)
written or electronic notice of exercise (in accordance with the Option
Agreement) from the person entitled to exercise the Option, and (ii) full
payment for the Shares with respect to which the Option is exercised. Full
payment may consist of any consideration and method of payment authorized by the
Administrator and permitted by the Option Agreement and the Plan. Shares issued
upon exercise of an Option shall be issued in the name of the Optionee or, if
requested by the Optionee, in the name of the Optionee and his or her spouse.
Until the Shares are issued (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books
of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company), no right
to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a stockholder shall exist
with respect to the Shares, notwithstanding the exercise of the Option. The
Company shall issue (or cause to be issued) such Shares promptly after the
Option is exercised. No adjustment will be made for a dividend or other right
for which the record date is prior to the date the Shares are issued, except as
provided in Section 12 of the Plan.

            Exercising an Option in any manner shall decrease the number of
Shares thereafter available, both for purposes of the Plan and for sale under
the Option, by the number of Shares as to which the Option is exercised.

      (b) Termination of Relationship as a Service Provider. If an Optionee
ceases to be a Service Provider, other than upon the Optionee's death or
Disability, the Optionee may exercise his or her Option


2002 STOCK PLAN                                                                7
<PAGE>

                                                                  Exhibit (d)(2)

within thirty (30) days of termination, or such longer period of time as is
specified in the Option Agreement, to the extent that the Option is vested on
the date of termination (but in no event later than the expiration of the term
of such Option as set forth in the Option Agreement). In the absence of a
specified time in the Option Agreement, the Option shall remain exercisable for
three (3) months following the Optionee's termination. If, on the date of
termination, the Optionee is not vested as to his or her entire Option, the
Shares covered by the unvested portion of the Option shall revert to the Plan.
If, after termination, the Optionee does not exercise his or her Option within
the time specified by the Administrator, the Option shall terminate, and the
Shares covered by such Option shall revert to the Plan.

      (c) Disability of Optionee. If an Optionee ceases to be a Service Provider
as a result of the Optionee's Disability, the Optionee may exercise his or her
Option within six (6) months of termination, or such longer period of time as is
specified in the Option Agreement, to the extent the Option is vested on the
date of termination (but in no event later than the expiration of the term of
such Option as set forth in the Option Agreement). In the absence of a specified
time in the Option Agreement, the Option shall remain exercisable for twelve
(12) months following the Optionee's termination. If, on the date of
termination, the Optionee is not vested as to his or her entire Option, the
Shares covered by the unvested portion of the Option shall revert to the Plan.
If, after termination, the Optionee does not exercise his or her Option within
the time specified herein, the Option shall terminate, and the Shares covered by
such Option shall revert to the Plan.

      (d) Death of Optionee. If an Optionee dies while a Service Provider, the
Option may be exercised within six (6) months following Optionee's death, or
such longer period of time as is specified in the Option Agreement, to the
extent that the Option is vested on the date of death (but in no event may the
option be exercised later than the expiration of the term of such Option as set
forth in the Option Agreement), by the Optionee's designated beneficiary,
provided such beneficiary has been designated prior to Optionee's death in a
form acceptable to the Administrator. If no such beneficiary has been designated
by the Optionee, then such Option may be exercised by the personal
representative of the Optionee's estate or by the person(s) to whom the Option
is transferred pursuant to the Optionee's will or in accordance with the laws of
descent and distribution. In the absence of a specified time in the Option
Agreement, the Option shall remain exercisable for twelve (12) months following
Optionee's death. If, at the time of death, Optionee is not vested as to his or
her entire Option, the Shares covered by the unvested portion of the Option
shall immediately revert to the Plan. If the Option is not so exercised within
the time specified herein, the Option shall terminate, and the Shares covered by
such Option shall revert to the Plan.

11. Non-Transferability of Options. Unless determined otherwise by the
Administrator, an Option may not be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated,
transferred, or disposed of in any manner other than by will or by the laws of
descent or distribution and may be exercised, during the lifetime of the
Optionee, only by the Optionee. If the Administrator makes an Option
transferable, such Option shall contain such additional terms and conditions as
the Administrator deems appropriate.

12. Adjustments Upon Changes in Capitalization, Merger or Change in Control.

      (a) Changes in Capitalization. Subject to any required action by the
stockholders of the Company, the number of shares of Common Stock that have been
authorized for issuance under the Plan but as to which no Options have yet been
granted or which have been returned to the Plan upon cancellation or expiration
of an Option, the number of Shares that may be added annually to the Plan
pursuant to Section 3, and the number of shares of Common Stock as well as the
price per share of Common Stock covered by each such outstanding Option, shall
be proportionately adjusted for any increase or decrease in the number of issued
shares of Common Stock resulting from a stock split, reverse stock split, stock
dividend, combination or reclassification of the Common Stock, or any other
increase or decrease in the number of issued shares of Common Stock effected
without receipt of consideration by the Company; provided, however, that
conversion of any convertible securities of the Company shall not be deemed to
have been "effected without receipt of consideration." Such adjustment shall be
made by the Board, whose determination in that respect shall be final, binding
and conclusive. Except as expressly


2002 STOCK PLAN                                                                8
<PAGE>

                                                                  Exhibit (d)(2)

provided herein, no issuance by the Company of shares of stock of any class, or
securities convertible into shares of stock of any class, shall affect, and no
adjustment by reason thereof shall be made with respect to, the number or price
of shares of Common Stock subject to an Option.

      (b) Dissolution or Liquidation. In the event of the proposed dissolution
or liquidation of the Company, the Administrator shall notify each Optionee at
least fifteen (15) day prior to the effective date of such proposed transaction.
To the extent it has not been previously exercised, an Option will terminate
immediately prior to the consummation of such proposed action.

      (c) Merger or Change in Control. In the event of a merger of the Company
with or into another corporation, or a Change in Control, each outstanding
Option shall be assumed or an equivalent option or right substituted by the
successor corporation or a Parent or Subsidiary of the successor corporation.

            In the event that the successor corporation refuses to assume or
substitute for the Option, the Optionee shall fully vest in and have the right
to exercise the Option as to all of the Optioned Stock, including Shares as to
which it would not otherwise be vested or exercisable. If an Option becomes
fully vested and exercisable in lieu of assumption or substitution in the event
of a merger or sale of assets, the Administrator shall notify the Optionee in
writing or electronically that the Option shall be fully vested and exercisable
for a period of fifteen (15) days from the date of such notice, and the Option
shall terminate upon the expiration of such period.

            With respect to Options that are granted to a Director who is not
also an employee, the Optionee shall fully vest in and have the right to
exercise the Option as to all of the Optioned Stock, including Shares as to
which it would not otherwise be vested or exercisable.

            For the purposes of this subsection (c), the Option shall be
considered assumed if, following the merger or Change in Control, the option or
right confers the right to purchase or receive, for each Share of Optioned Stock
subject to the Option immediately prior to the merger or Change in Control, the
consideration (whether stock, cash, or other securities or property) received in
the merger or Change in Control by holders of Common Stock for each Share held
on the effective date of the transaction (and if holders were offered a choice
of consideration, the type of consideration chosen by the holders of a majority
of the outstanding Shares); provided, however, that if such consideration
received in the merger or Change in Control is not solely common stock of the
successor corporation or its Parent, the Administrator may, with the consent of
the successor corporation, provide for the consideration to be received upon the
exercise of the Option, for each Share of Optioned Stock subject to the Option,
to be solely common stock of the successor corporation or its Parent equal in
fair market value to the per share consideration received by holders of Common
Stock in the merger or Change in Control.

13. Date of Grant. The date of grant of an Option shall be, for all purposes,
the date on which the Administrator makes the determination granting such
Option, or such other later date as is determined by the Administrator. Notice
of the determination shall be provided to each Optionee within a reasonable time
after the date of such grant.

14. Amendment and Termination of the Plan.

      (a) Amendment and Termination. The Board may at any time amend, alter,
suspend or terminate the Plan.

      (b) Stockholder Approval. The Company shall obtain stockholder approval of
any Plan amendment to the extent necessary and desirable to comply with
Applicable Laws.

      (c) Effect of Amendment or Termination. No amendment, alteration,
suspension or termination of the Plan shall impair the rights of any Optionee,
unless mutually agreed otherwise between the Optionee and the Administrator,
which agreement must be in writing and signed by the Optionee and


2002 STOCK PLAN                                                                9
<PAGE>

                                                                  Exhibit (d)(2)

the Company. Termination of the Plan shall not affect the Administrator's
ability to exercise the powers granted to it hereunder with respect to Options
granted under the Plan prior to the date of such termination.

15. Conditions Upon Issuance of Shares.

      (a) Legal Compliance. Shares shall not be issued pursuant to the exercise
of an Option unless the exercise of such Option and the issuance and delivery of
such Shares shall comply with Applicable Laws and shall be further subject to
the approval of counsel for the Company with respect to such compliance.

      (b) Investment Representations. As a condition to the exercise of an
Option, the Administrator may require the person exercising such Option to
represent and warrant at the time of any such exercise that the Shares are being
purchased only for investment and without any present intention to sell or
distribute such Shares if, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, such a
representation is required.

16. Inability to Obtain Authority. The inability of the Company to obtain
authority from any regulatory body having jurisdiction, which authority is
deemed by the Company's counsel to be necessary to the lawful issuance and sale
of any Shares hereunder, shall relieve the Company of any liability in respect
of the failure to issue or sell such Shares as to which such requisite authority
shall not have been obtained.

17. Reservation of Shares. The Company, during the term of this Plan, will at
all times reserve and keep available such number of Shares as shall be
sufficient to satisfy the requirements of the Plan.

18. Stockholder Approval. The Plan shall be subject to approval by the
stockholders of the Company within twelve (12) months after the date the Plan is
adopted. Such stockholder approval shall be obtained in the manner and to the
degree required under Applicable Laws.

19. Information to Optionees. The Company shall provide to each Optionee and to
each individual who acquires Shares pursuant to the Plan, not less frequently
than annually during the period such Optionee has one or more Options
outstanding, and, in the case of an individual who acquires Shares pursuant to
the Plan, during the period such individual owns such Shares, copies of annual
financial statements. The Company shall not be required to provide such
statements to key employees whose duties in connection with the Company assure
their access to equivalent information.


2002 STOCK PLAN                                                               10

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
